Damaged Chapter 1 I jolt awake and let my legs hang off the side of my bed, my head throbs and feels like it weighs a thousand pounds.I get up, turn my lights and walk over to my desk and get a notepad and pen. I sit on my floor with my back against the wall. I stare across my room and try to slow my breathing to a normal pace. Drenched in sweat and fear I try to think about what happened, but all I can remember is the face of someone that I have never met shaking me, trying to wake me up. Every night for the past 3 months I have had the same nightmare, but tonight I couldn’t remember anything other than someone’s face. Sometimes I’ll remember bits and pieces of what happened and then by morning the memories are all gone if I don’t write them down. 					~'Kayla get up, you’re going to be late! says my mom. Okay I reply with reluctance. I hate going to school, everyday is the same as the last. Nothing new or exciting ever happens, no one at my school ever changes, they all act like the same person.  		I get up brush my teeth, brush my hair, put on my school uniform, a collared shirt and nice pants. Before I go downstairs I stop and look at myself in the mirror, I hate this outfit, sure it’s like everyone else's, but I always feel out of place in it. I notice how dark the bags are under my eyes from lack of sleep. I try to remember my dream from last night I remember that I saw someone, but I don’t know who. 	I sit across the table from my older sister Delilah, who’s 17 she’s only one year older than me. My sister is not much different than I am, other than appearance. She has very light blonde hair that matches her dark eyes perfectly, just like both of my parents. I have dark brown hair and green eyes, I think every girl I have ever met has blonde hair and dark eyes, I have always wondered why I have been different.I also sit beside my little brother, Finn, with my mom, Judy, across from him and my dad, Jerry, on the end of the table.  While I eat I notice how Finn also looks just like Delilah and my parents. He’s only seven years old, but it isn’t going to be long before he gets taller than me and Delilah, I think he’s the tallest seven year old I have ever seen.  After eating, I get up to leave and walk to school but my mom stops me, Kayla what’s wrong with your eyes? Nothing I reply nervously. I don’t want to have to explain my dreams to them, they wouldn’t understand. Are you sure? Have you been getting enough sleep she says Judy, leave her alone, she’s a teenager, she needs some freedom. Says my dad jokingly. Thanks dad I laugh And yes mom I have been getting enough sleep. I say as I am walking out of the door.  I sigh in relief I really don’t even know what I would say to them if they found out about my problem, I just know I need to try and hide it better tomorrow because if I tell them about what’s been going on for the past few months they are going to ask a million questions. I notice that my sister is looking at me and giving me a skeptical look, as we walk to school, she knows I am hiding something.  Chapter two	School is one of my least favorite places to go, I have a few friends, but most people try to avoid me. When I was six or seven years old I had a birthday party and no one showed up because I am labeled as the different girl. Back then my hair was darker, but now it’s at least a little bit normal so most parents don’t hate me. 	I don’t know why I am different, some doctors and my science teachers have said that I am genetically damaged. At first It would hurt my feelings and I would feel different, but then I got used to it, but then high school started. I was used to adults giving me strange looks and calling me damaged, but when high school started, everyone saw me as different and damaged. At first I was devastated, but now I am in the eleventh grade and have gotten over it, I am just ready for high school to be over with. 	I walk into school and past my worst enemy, Emmet Cooper, his name might sound harmless but he’s the one who started making fun of me in the ninth grade, freshman year. As soon as he sees me he puts himself in my path and walks towards me. He passes me and shoves me into the wall. His dad is the principle, so he’s never gotten in trouble for anything. 	I just keep walking and pretend nothing happened, while Emmet is laughing and drawing attention to what just happened. I don’t care. The biggest classroom in my school is for world history, which is my first class of the day and by far the longest. Every seat in the room is filled except for the one chair on the end which is in front of me and the one behind my friend, Kate who sits behind me. She’s one of my only friends, we became friends during freshman year not knowing that I was the different girl everyone talked about, but even after she found out she still stayed my friend. I wouldn’t call her my best friend though, she’s pretty much friends with everyone.  I have world history every year and every year it gets boringer. All my teacher, Mr. Herkins, teaches about is the huge war from 2029 that destroyed everything, all technology, ways of communication, and killed over millions of people in every country. For over 20 years we haven’t communicated with other countries, we just haven’t been able to improve our technology like we used to. I have been learning about this since I was little, He’s never taught us anything new and I have always wondered why.  Psst, Hey kayla! says someone beside me, I turn to see who it is. Of course It’s Emmett cooper. What. I reply with no expression. What do you call a brunette in a room full of blondes? he says. I Turn around and pretend to not be listening. What? His friend Max says already laughing. Invisible! Emmett says. And they both start laughing obnoxiously loud, loud enough for the whole school to hear.'In case you didn’t get the joke, it’s making fun of your genectly damaged self. I pretend I don’t care. Sometimes I wish I could be normal, like everyone else, but then I immediately regret it because I never want to be like them. I am already daydreaming out the window when our principal walks in with a new student. He’s different than anyone I have ever seen in my town, but for some reason I think he looks familiar. He’s tall with dark black hair and bright blue eyes that I can see all the way from my desk. I know it’s impossible that I would've ever met him, I know I would have remembered him. I realise I am staring at him once he and I make eye contact, I turn my head and look at my teacher who seems to be just as shocked at his appearance as I am. Since I live in a small town and it’s very unusual when we get a new student, or even a new person in our town, so everyone is staring. I can not help but notice how handsome he is. I have never really liked anyone since I was little, every guy acts the same, jerky and just trying to see how many girls he can date.  Everyone in my grade I have grown up with, I know all of their names and almost everything about them, I wonder where this new boy came from? We have a new student, named Damon'. Mr. Herkins announces to the whole class. Everyone is whispering around me, my friend Kate taps on my shoulder and says Look at how strange he looks! while pointing right at him. She stops smiling Sorry. she says with a sad expression.  I want to say something mean back to her because I know how it feels to be made fun of for looking different, but I don’t and she just starts talking to someone new. I look at him to see if he realizes everyone is talking about him, but he has a smirk on his face. I can’t tell if he’s cocky or just likes the attention, or maybe neither, he could just be used to it like I am.  I didn’t realise I needed to change my hair color to come to this school. He says with a sarcastic tone towards our principle and everyone gets dead quite. I can not help but laugh a little, but immediately everyone turns and stares at me and I feel my face getting red. Go take a seat says Mr. Herkins very quietly to Damon.  He walks right towards me and I remember that the only empty seat is in front of me and behind Kate. What if he sits in front of me? I am already embarrassed but now I feel anxious and I don’t know why, He’s just a new student. He sits down in  front of me but doesn’t seem to notice me.'Wow you met your long lost invisible cousin! Emette whispers to me. Chapter threeThe bell finally rings and I am so relieved, it felt like the longest class i’ve ever had. During the whole class period everyone was staring at him, so that means they were also looking at me because I was directly behind him. 	I get up and try to start walking without looking at him but he’s of course standing right in front of me. I look up and he’s staring right at me, He’s much taller than I am. 	'Do I know you? Have we met before? Damon says with a confused look on his face. This makes me very confused, how is it possible that we both recognise each other but we have never met?	'Not that I know of. 	For a moment we just stare at each other, so I eventually start trying to walk towards the door again and he walks right beside me out the door. I feel awkward, why does he recognise me? Of all people why me? 	'So do you know what’s up with this place? Damon says. 	'What do you mean? I reply. 	'Well haven’t you noticed I am kind of out of place? he says.	'No not at all, that’s definitely not why everyone is staring at you. I say sarcastically while motioning towards kids trying to nonchalantly look at us while walking. 	He laughs. We part ways once I go into my next class.'I’ll see you later. He says. Bye. I reply trying not to sound too happy that I have met someone like me. My next class is math, the whole time class I couldn’t stop thinking about him, normally people always talk to me differently or not at all because I am considered different just because of how I look. It’s nice to have someone to think about, even though he’s probably not thinking about me. I have wanted a friend for so long. After math class, I go to lunch I always sit alone even Kate doesn’t sit with me. I don’t mind being alone though, I am used to it by now. I see Damon and look down at my sandwich, I don’t want him to sit with. I doubt he would, but what if he did? What would I say? Of course I am right. He comes and sist in front of me. Why do you sit alone he says. You're not the only different one here you know. I say. He looks at me confused. If you haven’t noticed I am not blonde and I don’t have dark eyes. I say'Wait so people don’t sit with you because you look different? He says'Yes. I reply awkwardly. Why is he talking to me? Well I guess I should move then. He says jokingly. I laugh. Trust me if the don’t like me they’re not going to like you. right after I say that, Emmet walks by. What do you want? Damon says annoyedly. I wonder if Emmet has already said something mean to Damon. I just want to talk with my two favorite people ever. Emmet says, trying to sound sarcastically sweet. Anyways I just wanted to stop by and say hello. He says as he gets up from the table. See you later freaks Do you know him Damon says to me.'Yeah I’ve known him since the ninth grade, do you? I say. We’re old friends. Damon says sarcastically.  I laugh. Me and Damon make small talk for the rest of lunch, nothing really important and then the bells rings and we go to third period, Science. I didn’t think Damon was in my science class, because we parted ways at lunch, but he walks in right before the bell rings. The classroom has eight tables that only have room for two people. Every year I have sat alone and have been my own partner. The teachers never seem to care so why should I? Damon comes and sits with me. Have you notice that there are three people sitting at that one table, just because they want to avoid you? He whispers to me jokingly. Maybe you should go join them. I say. My teacher, Mrs. Martin, walks and starts teaching right away. Class passes quickly, we do nothing except for take notes and stare out of the window while she teaches. After class is over me and Damon walk to our last class which is a study hall. I have the same teacher for study hall as I do history, Mr. Herkins. We of course have assigned seats, so me and Damon are on opposite sides of the classroom.  After about forty five minutes of a quiet classroom I look over and Damon is Dead asleep on the desk. I eventually fall asleep out of boredom. I wake up but I am not at school anymore I am in a huge room all alone with bars as doors, like I am in a jail cell. Someone is asleep laying on the ground beside me, but I can’t see who it is. I immediately get up and try to pull on the bars with my hands but they won’t budge. How did I get here? Why don’t I remember leaving school? Aren’t you supposed to be in fourth period? says a strange man walking towards me. I don’t know what to do or what to say so I just stand frozen in fear. How did he know I was in fourth period? Did he bring me here? The man starts to unlock the door. Don’t move he says as he injects me with something. I feel myself fall and hit the ground. I jolt awake with a gasp I instantly start looking around thinking that the man is still here. Everyone is staring at me. Damaged. Emmet says. I have to get out of here so I grab my things and walk out of the classroom.'Kayla Anderson, where do you think your going? Mr. Herkins says to me, but I am already out the door.  Why can’t I remember how I got there or who brought me there? Who was that? What’s wrong with me? My head feels like it’s about to explode. I wonder if Damon saw what happened, now He’s going to think I am damaged just like everyone else does. 					~As I walk out of school I think about waiting to see if i’ll run into him, but at the same time I don’t want to, my life is too complicated as it is. Having a friend in my life would just mean that I would have to keep things from more people I care about. So I have decided I am not going to try and get to know him I’ll be nice and friendly to him but we don’t need to be friends, I need to ignore him. No matter how badly I want a friend, I don’t need one. I walk home alone. Chapter 4 I wake up without having a dream last night. Today is going to be rough, everyone is going to be talking about me, and I have to avoid Damon. I really hope he didn’t see what happened in class, maybe he was still asleep. Today I have English first period, I left my house early today so that I could get a seat in the back of the class where no one can see me and as in no one I mean Damon. I look at everyone who walks through door to see when he walks in but he doesn’t. The bell rings, so he’s probably just running late.Time passes and the bell rings again, and he’s still not here. I walk to my second period, art class, alone. It’s a lot lonelier than yesterday, but I’ll get over it eventually. I am sitting at my usual lunch table all alone, and all I can think about is Damon, I don’t know why? Maybe because, I am just lonely. My thoughts get interrupted by someone sitting down in front of me, I look up and It’s him, Damon. I tried to hide my smile. Miss me? he says cocky. I was only gone for two class periods. No, and where were you? I say. I felt like sleeping in today, so I did. He says. I don’t think you're supposed to join a new school and then miss half of the second day. I say jokingly. I debate on asking him if he saw what happened in study hall but a part of me doesn’t want to know. I decide not to end We make small talk for the rest of lunch until the the bell rings. I don’t really see him for the rest of the day, but he walks me home and we talk. I remember my rule of not being friends with him once I get home, but I don’t think I am going to be able to keep that rule. I sit at the table with my family in the spots from breakfast. How was school? My mother says to Finn. Boring. He says. I don’t get why I have to go to school. He says sadly. Me too. I say laughing. My mom gives me a mad look. She probably doesn’t want me to encourage him. After dinner my mom grabs my arm before I go upstairs. I would appreciate it if you don’t encourage your brother. she says, I am sorry I won’t do it again. I say. I also so would appreciate if you stopped associating with that strange boy. she says. Who? I say. I am friends with your teachers and I have told them to look out for you for me. Why can I not be friends with him? I say'He’s different she says. Different from us, and different then you, you can find other friends at school. Actually mom he’s the most normal. I say as I walk up the stairs to my room. You will not disobey me. she says as I close my bedroom door. Why is she so worried about me being friends with damon, and why do the teachers at school tell her that I have a friend? Shouldn’t this be a good thing? I wake up laying on a table in a strange dark room with fluorescent lights, I stare at the ceiling at the light above me flickering. I lean up but soon realise that my hands and feet are strapped down. The last thing I remember is being in my room thinking. I start yanking on the straps, trying to break free, but after trying and failing I realise I need to relax. I lean up and look to my right where there’s another person beside of me who’s asleep,  I recognise him, he has dark black hair and looks tall from what I can see I think he is Damon. Damon, Damon I whisper. He still hasn’t woken up. I debate saying his name louder out of fear that someone will hear me, if there’s even anyone else here besides me and Damon.'Damon! Damon! I say almost at a shout. Finally I see his eyes open slowly. Damon, where are we? Do you know why we’re here? Shh be quiet, they’ll hear you he replied while leaning up and looking in all directions to see if anyone is around.  What’s going on, have you been here before? I say scarcely. Look I’ll explain when we wake up but right now you need to be quiet. he says very seriously. What do you mean you’ll tell me when we wake up'? I am very awake right now, all of this seems very real to me!'. I reply with confusion. What is he talking about? Am I in a dream? How is it possible that he is in my dream at all? Look I know you’re confused but you need to stop talking and be quiet he says. No I will not stop talking! Tell me what’s going on right now! My heart drops to my stomach as I see the one door in the whole room swing open and a man in a long white coat walking towards me, he looks like a doctor, but I don’t think he actually is one. I look at damon who is starring at me with a disappointed look on his face. How was is supposed to know someone else was in here? I stare right back at him and make a questioning look to him with my face. Well Damon I see you finally got her to wake up says the scary looking man. Yeah, finally after six months of trying Damon replies irritatedly. six months? I have been here for six months? I don’t say anything I don’t know what I would even say. The strange man walks toward me and damon and puts two syringes on a table in between us. I look at Damon who looks completely normal, like this has happened a thousand times to him, but I know he can see the fear on my face. He gives me a little smile like he’s trying to say that everything’s going to be out but it’s not okay, I am in some strange fake world with a person I barely even know. Wh-who are you? I say nervously. I am your doctor, well.. More like your scientist he says with a smile.'What? My scientist? I didn’t ask for this, who are you? I say. He walks towards me with a syringe. Well if you really want to know, my names Dr. andrews but you can call me Paul  he says as he sticks the syringe in my arm. I immediately start feeling drowsy and confused Damon what’s happening? Wh-wh-why do I feel like this? I say while fighting so hard to stay awake. It’s okay trust me, i’ll see you soon, you probably won’t even remember this Damon says with a sad tone to his voice. I fall asleep. I wake up and instantly remember everything from my ‘dream’ or whatever it is, I’ve never been so confused in my whole life. Something was different when I woke up, I feel different. I woke up at a normal time and not in the middle of the night like I usually do because of my dream, but no matter how I feel I know I need to find Damon. Since it is the weekend it’s going to be harder to find him and talk to him, there has to be someone in this town that knows where he lives. I get dressed, comb my hair, brush my teeth. I notice something different about myself in the mirror so I get closer to look, at first all I see is my normal outfit, black tight jeans and a random shirt. I realise that the difference is because I don’t have any bags under my eyes, but I still don’t look normal. I still don’t have blonde hair and dark eyes, I am still the complete opposite of everyone else. I walk down the stairs and realise I am up earlier than any of my siblings and it’s just my parents downstairs, I am going to have to lie to them about where I am going. Wow you’re up early my dad says in surprise. Yeah, I know I am going over to Kate’s house to study, is that okay? I reply'Of course it is just don’t forget to eat breakfast my mom says with surprise. I think she’s surprised that I am actually doing something with a friend. I grab something to eat and walk out the door. Where am I supposed to go? I get on my bike and decide to ride to city hall to see if anyone there might know anything. When I get there I walk in an see a employee that I've known my whole life because she’s an old high school friend of my mom, her name is Christy Martin. It’s risky asking her because she could tell my mom that I was asking her about Damon. My parents could also find out I was lying, but I have to find Damon. Hey Christy! I was wondering if you could give me the address of someone I am looking for? I say with a smile trying to sound nonchalant. It depends who are you looking for? she says, My friend Damon, I am supposed to go help him study, but I forgot what his address is. For anyone else I wouldn’t do this but you are Bonnie’s daughter so I will. she says with a smile Do you know his last name? Well actually I kind of don’t, but he just came to my school yesterday as a new student. I reply starting to get nervous that she is going to realize I barely know my friend at all. Wait here I’ll go and see what I can find for you she says as she walks into a back room where all of the files are kept, I think there is only one computer left in this whole place but it’s very old and that’s why she has to go through the paper files. 	After about ten minutes she comes out of the room carrying a folder with papers sticking out. 	'Here’s the only teenager I could find name Damon she says while handing me the folder. 	'Thank you so much I say while I turn to walk away I start looking at the papers. 179 Maple Ridge lane, Damon Easton, for some reason his name sounds so familiar. 	Chapter 5 	I arrive at Damon’s house and stand on the front porch, his house is small but nice. I ring the doorbell and a old lady opens the door. 	'Hi I am Kayla, Kayla anderson, and I was wondering if a Damon lives here?'	'Damon! Some strange looking girl is here to see you! she yells. I try to ignore her comment, I notice that she is a blonde unlike Damon. 	Damon walks into the room and makes a strange face at me. 	'Thanks grandma, you can come in says damon to me. I walk in and Damon grabs my arm and leads me to what I am guessing is his room. Do you remember me? Damon says with a urgent look on his face.  Yes, of course I do why wouldn’t I? I reply confusedly He still looks upset like I didn’t give him the right answer.'Because every other time you haven’t remembered me. He says. What do you mean every other time? Where were we last night? I reply, I am terrified of what he might say or what’s going on. Damon, tell me what’s going on right now or I am going to leave, and I am not coming back. I say. Look last night at some time you fell asleep and when you woke up you were in the actual world and not here. He says.'That’s not possible, I have lived here my whole life, my dreams only started a couple of months ago. You’re lying. I say.'If it was just another one of your dreams then how do I know what happened in it? It’s not possible for people to be in the same dream together, and I wouldn’t lie to you. He says. What does he mean by he wouldn’t lie to me? I need proof that what you’re telling me is true. I say. I am trying to fight back tears, if what he says is true then my whole life is a lie. If I wake up from this dream or whatever then who am I going to have in the real world? My parents wouldn’t be my parents, I wouldn’t have my siblings. I am jumping to conclusions none of this can be true, it doesn’t even make sense. What did your mom get you for your seventh birthday? he says Why does this matter? Just tell me what you're talking about! I say. It matters because I am trying to prove to you that you can not remember he says. Of course I remember! I reply. I try to think, what did my mom get me for my seventh birthday? I honestly don’t remember. I open my mouth to say something but damon interrupts me Do you remember the day your little brother was born, I am sure you couldn't forget that. He says annoyedly. Why are you telling me this are you trying to ruin my life? I say as I sit down and put my head in my hands, I don’t want him to see me cry. It’s okay, this will all make sense one day. He says. No It won’t Damon! I say as I look up at him. He sits down beside me and puts his arm around me. There’s a reason your dreams started three months ago because that’s when you’re mind started regaining consciousness. This isn’t real life, that’s why you can’t remember anything. Your mind is making you wake up. My mind started realizing six months ago and I have been trying to wake you up ever since So you’re saying that in the real world or whatever we knew each other and somehow we ended being put in a different world together I say sarcastically. I don’t buy it, he’s lying. It isn’t possible that we have been in a dream world together for months. You don’t believe me. he says. I stand up. I don’t even know you! How do you expect me to believe you? I say.'We do know each other Kayla, you just don't remember he says annoyed. Okay, so remind me? I say angrily. I don’t understand any of this. I don’t think it’s a good idea right now, you're upset and angry and I don’t want to tell you everything at once. He says as he stands up.	'Okay, then of course I don’t believe you. There’s no proof that what you're saying is even true at all, if it’s true then why don’t I remember anything about ‘the real world or about you, all you've told me is that this isn’t real with no actual proof. I say. 	He doesn’t say anything he just looks at the ground. 	'Exactly I say. I walk out of his room and slam the door. I don’t believe him, I tell myself while I ride my bike home. I can not believe him, It’s not possible.						~ 	I stay up late thinking. I have been avoiding my family all night, I told them I was tired and wanted to go to sleep, which is partly true. I don’t want to fall asleep, I don’t want to have a dream about him, I just want to be alone. I sit in my floor and I hear someone knock on my door. Come in. I say. My mom walks in and shuts the door behind her, she has a angry expression on her face. She knows. Why were you asking my friend Christy about that boy I told you to stay away from. she says. That boy is named Damon mom I say. And he is my friend, why aren't’ you happy that I’ve made a friend? You know nothing about him, and you are never allowed to see him again! she says. I have never seen my mother so angry before. Do you understand. she says.'Yes. I reply with my voice strained. And don’t you ever lie to me and your father again or there will be consequences.  she says as she walks out and closes the door behind her. Once she’s gone, I cry. I don’t know what to do, I have finally made a friend that’s not like every other person in this town, he actually treats me like I am a person.   Eventually I doze off the next thing I know I am back in the cell. I look all around, but I don’t see anyone except for the person on the other side of my cell, of course. It’s Damon with his back leaning against the wall. 	'Damon, Damon I say. He’s ignoring me. It is probably because I stormed out of his room earlier. I look around. How could this be a dream? How could a dream look and feel so real? I get up and walk towards the bars, I start trying to pull them as hard as I could, but I need a key to unlock the door.  	'Look I know you’re ignoring me, but I think I might reconsider thinking that you are lying, if you help me out I say. I am guessing that you didn’t notice, but we’re locked in genius, maybe you really are blonde Damon says in a sarcastic tone. He has sarcastic smile on his face. I walk and sit beside him.	'Why are you mad at me? It is not my fault that i don’t believe you, I mean didn’t believe you. I say. Damon turns around and looks at me for the first time, and I look back. 	'You believe me? he says with a questioning look. 	'Yes I do. I reply. I am sure of it, I don’t know how this is all real but I just know it is. I have to go with my gut instinct that this is all true and that Damon wouldn’t lie to me. What made you realize? He says. After I went home, I sat in my bedroom and thought about what had happened for hours. I thought about you and what you had told me and I knew that, you were telling the truth. I didn’t want to believe you, but I have always felt like something was missing from my life, and I think what my life has been missing is you. I say. I turn towards him so that I can’t see his face, I am embarrassed that I said that to him, I barely know him, but I feel like I have known him my whole life without realising he was missing for the past six months. He looks at me. I continue. My whole life I have felt like I have been searching for something, something that Is too far away and I just could never find it. My search was something else though, I didn’t even know what I was looking for, I just always felt like I was been missing something big from my life that I would never find. I know now that It was you that I have been missing even if it was just the last six months it has felt like an eternity. I have missed you. He says. I don’t know what we were, but he makes me nervous and I don’t know why. It has been more than six months, I don’t know how long exactly, but six months is just when I started waking up. He says Why exactly are we here? I say. Wrong place at the wrong time. He laughs. We were on our way to eat and a man approached us, he was trying to offer us jobs at a restaurant he claimed to own. We said no and tried to continue walking, but it was late and dark and he was able to inject us with something when we turned around and that’s how he got us. Damon says. But why can I not remember that? Or anything? I say. I don’t know exactly, maybe memory loss was a cytofect to whatever experiments they did on you. He says. I have never been more frustrated in my life. I want to remember you. I want to remember everything about my life, who my real family is, who you are, who even am I? I say trying not to get emotional. Trust me you are pretty amazing, when you actually knew what was happening in the real world, you were able to get me to like you, which usually doesn’t happen. Damon says jokingly. I laugh and smile. What does he mean by that? I am starting to think that me and Damon were more than friends in the real world. Look I’ll explain me later but- Damon gets interrupted by a man walking towards us from the hallway, he’s different than the other one. This one has black hair like Damon’s and is not as tall as Paul was. Who are you? Damon says. Who I am is not important, I am just here until Paul gets back. The man says. I am guessing he’s another scientist. Where is Paul? I say. Oh, don’t worry, he’ll be back soon. Since you two keep talking in dreams and in real life, I am going to try out an experiment on both of you. He says. Why? Damon says. Because when you two talk in the dreams it becomes less real for you two, so I am going to inject with something to make your dreams just a little worse, well a lot worse. He says. So you first. He says as he points a syringe at me. I look at Damon, who just gives me a blank stare and then back at the strange man. I get up and walk towards the bars and stick my arm in between the bars. When he sticks in the needle I flinch a little, I have always hated needles. I walk back and sit with my back against the wall of our cell. The shot doesn’t make me fall asleep though I am still awake. The man then gets another syringe and does the same thing to Damon, who doesn’t flinch at all.'Goodnight! The man says as he walks down the dark hallway. Why do you think he left us awake? I say. Damon walks and sits against the bars separating us. Probably because they put a new experiment in us and they want us to stay up and worry about what’s going to happen all night. He replies Why would they want to do that? I say. I still don’t understand why these people are doing this to us. There’s this thing called torture. He says sarcastically. I try to ignore his rude comment, I want answers.'Have they done this to you before? I say.'Yes in many ways He says sadly. What about me? I say. The only time they did it to you was to try and hurt me. He says. What did they do to me. I say worried. Isn’t it kind of obvious. he says annoyedly. They erased your memory. Knowing that my memories have been erased makes me feel weird, It makes me feel empty and scared like something has been stolen from me. You don’t have to be mean to me about it. I say. I do kind of not remember you know. I say with a laugh. Funny. Damon says sarcastically. So what are we supposed to do now? How can they make our dreams that bad? I say. You’ll see once you fall asleep again. He says. I guess I will just have to find out once I fall asleep, he obviously doesn’t want to talk about it, but I need to know. I need to know what’s going to happen to me. Please tell me Damon, I need to know what to expect. I say. I don’t tell him that I am terrified of what might happen because I don’t want him to know I am scared. He doesn’t say anything for a few minutes, until he finally speaks.'When they made my dreams nightmares it was completely different, I was in a different world, one away from you. They told me that if I did what they wanted in the dream then I would be put into a dream with you, and after I did it I came to your school. He says. He has a strange tone in his voice. I can’t tell how he feels, I think he’s just tired of all of this.'I am sorry. I say sadly. I feel bad, I don’t know what to say to him, I am still struggling to understand all of this, I still don’t know how it’s possible. He turns around and looks at me so I look back. Whenever we fall asleep, you need to try to find me in whatever dream they put you in, If you can’t then try to wake yourself up. He says with a little bit of urgency in his voice. While I am looking at him I notice there’s another cell beside of us, is there someone else here? I try to ignore it for now and focus on what Damon is saying. What do you mean wake myself up? I say. How is that even possible? Whatever happens to you in the dream doesn’t happen in real life so anyway you want. he says like he is annoyed. Well how have you done it? Well, my favorite way is jumping off a bridge, but since that’s most likely not an option for you, you can always get someone to push you. He says sarcastically with a smile. You’re telling me I have to kill myself to wake up? I say in disbelief. That’s, exactly what I am telling you. He says. Who’s in the cell beside us. I blurt out. I just want to change the subject. I can’t kill myself even if it isn’t realDamon turns his head and looks. It’s someone the real you would love to see, but since you aren’t the real you I am not going to tell you. he says. Give me answers Damon I am tired of this! I say angrily and accidentally hit my head on one of the metal bars while trying to turn away from him. Go easy on yourself, you don’t have to die just yet. He says. Now that over there is someone you used to date, in the real world, but broke up with him for someone who I personally think is much better looking. He says. Much better looking? I don’t respond, does he mean that I dated or am dating him?'Who? I say. Well he’s tall, dark hair, blue eyes, I think I have also already mentioned that it was me. He says.'I probably couldn’t figure it out through all the sarcasm. I say annoyed. He laughs. Look in all seriousness we need to fall asleep, find each other, come up with a plan to get out of here, and then die, before they come back here and make us fall asleep. He says. Okay. I say as I get up and walk to my small bed, in the corner. I sit down on it and feel how uncomfortable it is. I lay down and after a couple of minutes I start to doze off, it’s been a long day and I don’t want to think about what I am going to do in the dream world anymore. I just want to fall asleep. I am almost asleep when Damon speaks. Goodnight, Kayla. He says sadly. I think about replying but I am already asleep. Chapter 6I wake up in my bed at home, not in the cell bed. It’s still dark outside, but I don’t want to stay in bed i need to find Damon. I get dressed and open my bedroom door, it squeaks with every inch I move it. 	I walk down the stairs and almost trip as I see my whole family sitting at the kitchen table. 	'Why are you all awake? I say. They don’t reply they just keep looking forward with no expression. I feel scared, am I frozen in time? Is this what my nightmare is going to be about? 	I turn round and walk quickly to the door,but I hear a strange noise and stop. Something is behind me. I try to slow my breathing and calm down. I turn around quickly while trying to back up at the same time. 	My mother is standing right infront of me now. Where are you going? she says. I told you you're never allowed to see that boy again! she says in a voice unrecognizably evil, I have never heard her sound this way with anyone. 	I start slowing backing up towards the door without taking my eyes off of her. I need to get out of this house. I am going to school mother. I say trying to sound calm even though my voice cracks on every word. She starts walking towards me as I walk backwards trying to get closer to the door. My mother pushes me and back slams against the door. Haven’t I told you to never lie to your mother! she says with a shout. My Father, sister, and brother are all standing now and walking towards us. I stand with my back against the door and unlock the door without looking. I grab a lamp from the table beside my dad’s favorite reading chair and throw it at my moms legs as hard as I can, she still tries to crawl towards me and get me, this is not my mother. I open the door as fast I can and sprint out the door without looking back. I cry while running, what am I supposed to do? This is terrifying, I know that what Damon has told me is true, that was not my family. ~I walk into town and sit with my back against an old building and ut my head in my hands. I don’t know where to go or how to find Damon or if he’s even in the same world as me. 	I get up and start to walk down the road where Damon’s house is. It takes about and hour before I get there, I ring the door bell and Damon’s grandmother opens it with a big smile. 	'Hello. she says with a big smile. Damons in the family room downstairs, if you would like to go see him. 	'Thanks, but can you have him come up here and see me. I say. 	'Nonsense, come with me. she says while motioning me to walk in front of her. I walk into the house where’s the family room Walk down the hallway it’s the last door on your right. she says. I’ll come down in a minute. 	I walk down the hallway slowly, It’s very dark and smells like old people. I look back and Damons grandmother is gone. I keep walking and get to the end of the hallways and open the door and go down the stairs slowly. 	'Damon. I say my voice sounding unfamiliar and unsteady. Damon! I am yelling now. I hear a noise like someone is trying to talk. I find the light switch at the end of the stairs on the wall. I look around and I see him tied to a chair with blood coming out of his head.'Damon! I say as I run towards him. There’s blood all over the carpet. Kayla. he says quietly like he can barely stay awake.'Damon It’s okay I am going to get you out of here I say. I start to untie the ropes around his feet  Run! he says more loudly this time. Leave me! 	'No! I am not going to leave you here! I say. 	'Kayla He says look at me. I look into his eyes, but he’s not looking at me. He’s looking at something behind me. I turn around as fast I can and see Damon’s grandpa with a gun pointed at my head. 	'Kayla. Damon says. I look at him right as his head goes limp and he goes unconscious. I stare back at the man who		`	 doesn’t say anything. I hear a gunshot and my vision goes black, I don’t feel anything. 						~I jolt awake in my prison cell bed screaming and crying. My head throbs and my hands are shaky and sweaty, he shot me in the head. I am hyperventilating, I am dead, I have to be dead.  	'Kayla, you’re okay, It wasn’t real, this is real! He says standing beside my bed. I sit up and look at him without being able to see him through all the tears in my eyes. It felt real! I should be dead! I say in a choked voice. I am stupid I shouldn’t be crying, but I can’t stop. He sits beside me and doesn’t say anything for a while, he just stares at me. I try to clasp my hands together so that they stop shaking, but they won’t. He puts his hands round mine. He’s still staring at me. What? I say. Never seen anyone cry before? He smiles. I have actually seen you cry a lot. he says. And everytime I hate it more and more. I laugh a little and stare at the floor. Why didn’t you tell me what to expect? I say. I didn’t want to scare you he says quietly. I didn’t want you to worry about what might happen. He takes his hands off of mine, which have stopped shaking as much'Am I dead in the dream world now? I got shot in the head. I say. No, but I think it would be best to try and not get shot in this world. He says with a smile.'Thanks for the advice I say. Now what do we do? I say. The next time they come back here I am getting us out. he says so quietly that I can barely hear him. What do we do until then? I whisper back. Don’t fall asleep. he says seriously. Chapter 7 	After hours of waiting someone finally walks into the room where our cells are. I go over the plan in my head multiple times our plan is to pretend that the dreams affected us badly, so we’re not going to respond to anything the scientist says to us, we have to wait for him to open the door, before we do anything. 	The man bangs a metal cup on our cell bars. Hello, I know you’re both awake. He says. I can’t tell which one he might be, Paul or the other strange guy.'Help. Damon says like he’s using all of his strength to say it. Oh no, she better not be dead, they’re not going to like another failed experiment.  the man says. I hear the door of the cell squeak open, but I don’t know what’s going because I have my eyes closed. Suddenly the man put his hands on my neck trying to find a pulse.'Thank god, she’s alive. He says. Seconds before damon shoves him into the bars of the cage. I jump up and run for the door, He slams against the bars so hard and is unconscious. We look him in the cell and Damon grabs the syringes on the table outside of our cage. We sprint down the hallway and stop at the only door at the end, we stop for a moment and look at each other. As soon as I open this door sprint as fast as you can and don’t stop. Damon says. I’ll be right behind you. I nod in response. He opens the door and I sprint forward, but I don’t know where to go there are silver operating tables everywhere with shower curtain like dividers in between them and about a dozen scientists in white coats. I stop running and Damon runs into me, I look at him to see if he’s going to tell me to keep running, but he just looks around. We’re both standing in the middle of this huge room full of strangers all staring at us. The room looks circular and I don’t see a door anywhere. I feel something sharp hit me in the back and then another one. My vision goes blurry. Damon! I yell. He looks at me and grabs me so that I don’t fall and I see something hit him in his shoulder and then another one in his back. I think it’s a tranquilizer. I try as hard as I can to stay awake. Two strange men grab my arms and carry me towards an operating table. Time for stage two. one man says. I fall asleep on the table. Chapter 8 	I wake up and everythings black I hear people talking around me, but I don’t know what they’re saying. I start trying to more to wake myself up and everything hurts, I open my eyes and see a bright light shining in them, I can’t see anything but the light and it’s hot. I feel sweat dripping off my forehead, I lean my head up to see what’s around me but my vision is too blurry. I can see that my legs and arms are strapped down and someone is beside me, a scientist in a white coat. I feel something stinging I look down and my leg is cut open. I am in a hospital like gown. Wh- what are you doing to me? I say. I can barely get the words outs. I lay my head back down, I feel so tired. 	'Hopefully something successful.  the man says with a happy tone in his voice. 	'Who are you people? I say. 	'I guess there is no harm in telling you. He says. We’re the augustine society, you don’t know who we are, but we are scientists. Wow, I would've never guessed.  I say. My eyes are closed now, I am so tired. You and Damon are more alike then you may think. He says. I think about responding, but I fall asleep. 							~Damon POV 	I wake up laying on the medal tables. I don’t remember anything after being shot. I jump up and pull on the straps holding me down. 	'What are you doing to her. I say. Now Damon, wouldn’t you like to know what we’re doing to you too? the man says. He has brown hair and looks like he’s struggling to grow a beard.  I have done everything you've asked, I have let you torture me, get inside my head and erase my girlfriends memories of me. I say. I think I have made it pretty clear to you what I care about. 	'You see Damon, we have been saving for you and your girlfriend, something different than you've ever experienced. The whole dream world was just to see if you two could be physically ready for stage two and you two were the forty eighth to pass, but if you pass stage two you’ll be the first. He says. 	'Wow, my first accomplishment. I say sarcastically. I don’t know what to do, I lied to Kayla, I do know how long we have been here for. We were taken when I was sixteen and she as fifteen. Now I am eighteen and my birthday is in two weeks. We have wasted so much of our lives in here and I can’t figure out what to do before we end up dead or worse.	'So what’s gonna happen now doc? I say as I lay back down. 	'It would be too hard to explain so I am just going to be blunt about it. He says. We’re going to inject you with some stuff, kill you, and then if it works you’ll come back, but. But what? You can’t kill me I won’t come back! I say yelling. I have to get out of here I start yanking on the straps as hard as I can. 	'Calm down or I won’t tell you what else is going to happen. He says. So the reason we want you to die and come back to life is so that you become our first official augustine monster! He says with a smile. You’re crazy. I say.'And He continues. My associates will also be turning your girlfriend and Mason, I thought it was kind of strange that you didn’t tell her about Mason, but then I remembered that he was her ex boyfriend.  I thought that was a little low, even for you Damon, if I were you I would want to be the first one to tell her because he will probably be waking up soon. I am going to kill you. I say. I have never felt this type of anger before, Kayla can’t die, I can’t die, She’s not going to come back, I am not going to come back. He’s crazy. That’s funny because I am pretty sure I am technically the one killing you. He says as he injects something into my neck. I could say something, I could beg for my life or for Kayla’s, but I am not going to. There is nothing I can do to stop this. What am I thinking, I have to stop this I am not going to die like this!I pull as hard as I can until the strap on my left hand becomes loose, when the scientist turns around. I pull my hand out of the straps and I grab the scissors on the table beside of me. I cut the strap off of my other hand as quickly as I can, but I know he has to hear me. He turns around and I throw the scissors as hard as I can aiming at his neck, but he moves too fast and they stab Into his shoulder. He’s distracted so I unlatch the straps around my legs. Right when I unlatch the right one he stabs the scissors into my hand. I yell in pain.'Well since you’ve already been injected, I guess now I can kill you. He says. I try to pull the scissors out of my hand but it hurts too bad. He pulls the scissors out of my hand slowly, trying to make me suffer and stabs me in the neck. Everything goes black. 						~ Kayla POV I wake up in a room all by myself, It has one light hanging on the ceiling and one door right in front of me. This room is much bigger than the cell Damon and I shared. Damon, I need to find him, I am not strapped down anymore. I get up and walk towards the door right has I reach to open it I see the door knob move and I back up and run into the table behind me. It is a man I have never seen before, he’s dressed like all of the others, but looks different. He’s older, shorter, and chubby. Who are you? I say. I am Dr. Augustine, I run this place. He says And the society? I say. No just the lab, my brother is in charge of all of us he says. Why am I here? I didn’t do anything to you or you’re society to deserve this, and neither has Damon. I say. I know you don’t want to be here, but you’re here for research. he says. Think of it like you are here for the greater good of humanity. So, what do you want? I say annoyedly. I don’t want to be here right now I just want to lay down and go to sleep. I am just letting you know that you will be going through stage two soon. He says, your boyfriend already went through it, and he surprisingly made it out alive. He’s smiles at me, I don’t respond or smile back, Damon’s not my boyfriend I don’t even know him. The scientist walks to the table behind me and picks up one of the two syringes. Sit down. He says while motioning towards the metal operating table. I sit down and he injects me with something in the neck. Whats stage two? I blurt out.'Well what I injected you with put stage two your body, and the other syringe over there will make it start. he says. I can’t let him do this to me. He picks up the other syringe on the table and walks across the room to fill it up. His back is turned, I grab a strange looking sharp tool on the table and put it under my leg. He’s walking towards me, I have to think fast. He’s about to inject me with the other syringe, but I grab the object under my leg and stab him in his leg as fast as I can. Sorry. I say. Wheres Damon? He’s completed his transformation, you won’t want to see him. he says. I don’t even know what that means, but I am not going to leave him behind. I say.  where is he?  Bottom floor. He says tiredly. I take the syringe out of his hand and stab it in his neck, maybe it will slow him down and he won’t be able to stop me from finding Damon and leaving. I dart for the door, but if I go out there everyone will recognise me, they will know who I am, what should I do? I walk over the scientist, who is now unconscious, and I am trying to take his white lab coat off, but his whole body is limp and he weighs way more than me. I can do this. I have to do this. I use all my strength and flip him on his side so that I can get one of his arms out of his coat and then I flip him to the other side and get the whole coat off of him. I put it on and walk out of the door slowly, to my right everyone is at their operating tables doing something or on their computers, but on the other end of that room is a door that says staircase. On my left there’s a door that says exit, but I have to get Damon. I walk down the narrow and short hallway. I see the door that says staircase on it. I try to walk slowly and normally so that no one will notice me, I could walk around all of the tables, but that might be too obvious, so I walk straight through the middle of all of the tables and workers. No one even looks up at me, I reach the door and open it quickly and stand for a moment to catch my breath, my heart is beating so fast. I have to prepare myself for whatever might be wrong with Damon. I walk down the stairs. Chapter 9 Damon POV I wake up Laying on the ground, I feel weird, my skin is tingling, my head is pounding. There’s blood all over me, but how am I still here?  I feel starving, I sit up, what happened to me?  I remember that I was with a scientist, but that’s all I can remember.  I hear someone say something I jump up and look around, but no one is in here. Great now I am hallucinating. I smell something, something that smells like food, I look around and see a strange bag on the floor of my cell. Why can I smell it? Why does it smell so good? I pick it up and drink it as fast as I can, I have never been this hungry before. The bag is empty and I want more, but what as it? It was  filled with some type of liquid, but I couldn’t tell what kind. I walk over towards the light and hold the empty bad up to the light to see. Blood. I just drank blood. Why would I drink blood? This has to be a dream, this can’t be real. I drop to the floor and sit with my head in my hands. What just happened?  I hear someone coming, but I can’t tell how far away they are. Damon! I hear Kayla yell. Are you okay? I smell it again, the smell that makes me so hungry. I run to the other side of my cage as fast as I can. Get away from me Kayla! I yell. You can’t help me, just go. I sit down on the floor. Damon I am not going to leave you, I will never leave you! she says. I am a monster Kayla go, I don’t want you hear. I am lying, I don’t want her to leave, but she has to, I wouldn’t be able to live with myself if I hurt her, the one person I have left to care about. You would never leave me, so I am not going to abandon you. Kayla says.  She walks over to the table a paperclip. She’s going to try to pick the lock. It’s a good thing you don’t remember how to pick a lock. I say sarcastically. Every minute she’s in here, it’s getting harder and harder for me not to hurt her or kill her. I don’t know what I might do. I hear someone coming down the stairs. Kayla hide, someone’s coming. I whisper. No Damon, I am getting you out. She says determinedly. I wouldn’t do that If I were you. A voice says. He sounds familiar. Who are you? Kayla says. He walks closer and I see him. It’s Mason, Kayla’s ex, who I still haven’t told her about. Come on, you couldn’t have forgotten me. He says. He takes the paperclip out of Kayla’s hand. He rips the door open like it was nothing. What are you doing you idiot! I yell. I’ll hurt you both! Not while I am here you won’t, come on we have to go, I’ll make sure you don’t hurt kayla, but right now we have to get out of here! He says. I walk towards him and fight every urge in my body to drink her blood. Kayla backs up and sits down on a chair a few feet away from the cell. What’s wrong with me? I say to mason. Nothing, I went through this too, you’ll get over it I promise. He says bordely. I hate Mason, he’s been trying to get Kayla back ever since we started dating. I bet he’s going to love telling her about how I somehow forgot to mention that him and her were together. I honestly didn’t do it out of jealousy or selfishness. I did it because I didn’t want to overwhelm her with her past life. Walk in front. He says. Whatever you say. I say with a fake smile. Kayla, you can walk behind me. He says. He stretches out his hand for her to help her up. He gives me a braggy smile. Why am I so angry? I have never felt this angry before, I want to hurt him more than anything. Wow, you can help someone out of chair. I say.'Just walk. He says to me. I walk in front  of them both and open the door. I am walking up the stairs when an announcement comes on through all the speakers in the building. Code 245, Code 245, Doctor Augustine has been found dead in the inspection room, Possible on the loose. What? Kayla says. I killed him? That can’t be possible. It’ll be okay, but we have to keep moving kayla. Mason says. No it’s not okay! she says. Maybe I do deserve to be in this place. Look we don’t have time for this right now! Mason says. We have to leave while we still have a chance, I know you killed that man but he probably deserved it!'	I resist every urge in my body to hurt Kayla. I walk over to her and put my arm around her. I try to focus on helping her and not anything else even though I am a monster. 	'It’ll be okay. I say. I promise. I have never seen her so upset before. Come on we have to find a way out of here. Mason says.We open the door and leave the stairwell. Kayla POV We walk out of the stairwell,. There’s an exit door at the other side of that hallway. I say as I point in it’s direction.  Me and Damon are just following behind Mason. Once we walked out of the door he started holding my hand. It almost doesn’t phase me, but Damon is looking everywhere but at me. Maybe he’s afraid someone might attack us, but I think he’s afraid of hurting me, I don’t know what’s wrong with him. 	I think I care about Damon, he’s the only person I have, I don’t have any family anymore, I don’t even know who I am. All I know is, is that Damon cares about me and he’s the best friend I could ask for.  	We’re walking beside the walls, because the dividers hanging up around each operating table shields us from being seen. We’re on the only floor that is above ground all of the other three floors are underground, like where Damon and I’s cell was. I don’t know what the other two floors are for and I don’t think I want to know. 	We are almost to the hallway when a loud alarm goes off, I quickly cover my ears with both of my hands. Damon Is laying on the floor covering his ears. It must be because of whatever stage two did to him. Mason grabs damon. 	'Get up! Mason yells at Damon. I run behind them as fast as I can, butat Damon has told me is true, that was not my family. ~I walk into town and sit with my back against an old building and ut my head in my hands. I don’t know where to go or how to find Damon or if he’s even in the same world as me. 	I get up and start to walk down the road where Damon’s house is. It takes about and hour before I get there, I ring the doorbell and Damon’s grandmother opens it with a big smile. 	'Hello. she says with a big smile. Damons in the family room downstairs, if you would like to go see him. 	'Thanks, but can you have him come up here and see me. I say. 	'Nonsense, come with me. she says while motioning me to walk in front of her. I walk into the house where’s the family room Walk down the hallway it’s the last door on your right. she says. I’ll come down in a minute. 	I walk down the hallway slowly, It’s very dark and smells like old people. I look back and Damons grandmother is gone. I keep walking and get to the end of the hallways and open the door and go down the stairs slowly. 	'Damon. I say my voice sounding unfamiliar and unsteady. Damon! I am yelling now. I hear a noise like someone is trying to talk. I find the light switch at the end of the stairs on the wall. I look around and I see him tied to a chair with blood coming out of his head.'Damon! I say as I run towards him. There’s blood all over the carpet. Kayla. he says quietly like he can barely stay awake.'Damon It’s okay I am going to get you out of here I say. I start to untie the ropes around his feet  Run! he says more loudly this time. Leave me! 	'No! I am not going to leave you here! I say. 	'Kayla He says look at me. I look into his eyes, but he’s not looking at me. He’s looking at something behind me. I turn around as fast I can and see Damon’s grandpa with a gun pointed at my head. 	'Kayla. Damon says. I look at him right as his head goes limp and he goes unconscious. I stare back at the man who		`	 doesn’t say anything. I hear a gunshot and my vision goes black, I don’t feel anything. 						~I jolt awake in my prison cell bed screaming and crying. My head throbs and my hands are shaky and sweaty, he shot me in the head. I am hyperventilating, I am dead, I have to be dead.  	'Kayla, you’re okay, It wasn’t real, this is real! He says standing beside my bed. I sit up and look at him without being able to see him through all the tears in my eyes. It felt real! I should be dead! I say in a choked voice. I am stupid I shouldn’t be crying, but I can’t stop. He sits beside me and doesn’t say anything for a while, he just stares at me. I try to clasp my hands together so that they stop shaking, but they won’t. He puts his hands round mine. He’s still staring at me. What? I say. Never seen anyone cry before? He smiles. I have actually seen you cry a lot. he says. And everytime I hate it more and more. I laugh a little and stare at the floor. Why didn’t you tell me what to expect? I say. I didn’t want to scare you he says quietly. I didn’t want you to worry about what might happen. He takes his hands off of mine, which have stopped shaking as much'Am I dead in the dream world now? I got shot in the head. I say. No, but I think it would be best to try and not get shot in this world. He says with a smile.'Thanks for the advice I say. Now what do we do? I say. The next time they come back here I am getting us out. he says so quietly that I can barely hear him. What do we do until then? I whisper back. Don’t fall asleep. he says seriously. Chapter 7 	After hours of waiting someone finally walks into the room where our cells are. I go over the plan in my head multiple times our plan is to pretend that the dreams affected us badly, so we’re not going to respond to anything the scientist says to us, we have to wait for him to open the door, before we do anything. 	The man bangs a metal cup on our cell bars. Hello, I know you’re both awake. He says. I can’t tell which one he might be, Paul or the other strange guy.'Help. Damon says like he’s using all of his strength to say it. Oh no, she better not be dead, they’re not going to like another failed experiment.  the man says. I hear the door of the cell squeak open, but I don’t know what’s going because I have my eyes closed. Suddenly the man put his hands on my neck trying to find a pulse.'Thank god, she’s alive. He says. Seconds before damon shoves him into the bars of the cage. I jump up and run for the door, He slams against the bars so hard and is unconscious. We look him in the cell and Damon grabs the syringes on the table outside of our cage. We sprint down the hallway and stop at the only door at the end, we stop for a moment and look at each other. As soon as I open this door sprint as fast as you can and don’t stop. Damon says. I’ll be right behind you. I nod in response. He opens the door and I sprint forward, but I don’t know where to go there are silver operating tables everywhere with shower curtain like dividers in between them and about a dozen scientists in white coats. I stop running and Damon runs into me, I look at him to see if he’s going to tell me to keep running, but he just looks around. We’re both standing in the middle of this huge room full of strangers all staring at us. The room looks circular and I don’t see a door anywhere. I feel something sharp hit me in the back and then another one. My vision goes blurry. Damon! I yell. He looks at me and grabs me so that I don’t fall and I see something hit him in his shoulder and then another one in his back. I think it’s a tranquilizer. I try as hard as I can to stay awake. Two strange men grab my arms and carry me towards an operating table. Time for stage two. one man says. I fall asleep on the table. Chapter 8 	I wake up and everythings black I hear people talking around me, but I don’t know what they’re saying. I start trying to more to wake myself up and everything hurts, I open my eyes and see a bright light shining in them, I can’t see anything but the light and it’s hot. I feel sweat dripping off my forehead, I lean my head up to see what’s around me but my vision is too blurry. I can see that my legs and arms are strapped down and someone is beside me, a scientist in a white coat. I feel something stinging I look down and my leg is cut open. I am in a hospital like gown. Wh- what are you doing to me? I say. I can barely get the words outs. I lay my head back down, I feel so tired. 	'Hopefully something successful.  the man says with a happy tone in his voice. 	'Who are you people? I say. 	'I guess there is no harm in telling you. He says. We’re the augustine society, you don’t know who we are, but we are scientists. Wow, I would've never guessed.  I say. My eyes are closed now, I am so tired. You and Damon are more alike then you may think. He says. I think about responding, but I fall asleep. 							~Damon POV 	I wake up laying on the medal tables. I don’t remember anything after being shot. I jump up and pull on the straps holding me down. 	'What are you doing to her. I say. Now Damon, wouldn’t you like to know what we’re doing to you too? the man says. He has brown hair and looks like he’s struggling to grow a beard.  I have done everything you've asked, I have let you torture me, get inside my head and erase my girlfriends memories of me. I say. I think I have made it pretty clear to you what I care about. 	'You see Damon, we have been saving for you and your girlfriend, something different than you've ever experienced. The whole dream world was just to see if you two could be physically ready for stage two and you two were the forty eighth to pass, but if you pass stage two you’ll be the first. He says. 	'Wow, my first accomplishment. I say sarcastically. I don’t know what to do, I lied to Kayla, I do know how long we have been here for. We were taken when I was sixteen and she as fifteen. Now I am eighteen and my birthday is in two weeks. We have wasted so much of our lives in here and I can’t figure out what to do before we end up dead or worse.	'So what’s gonna happen now doc? I say as I lay back down. 	'It would be too hard to explain so I am just going to be blunt about it. He says. We’re going to inject you with some stuff, kill you, and then if it works you’ll come back, but. But what? You can’t kill me I won’t come back! I say yelling. I have to get out of here I start yanking on the straps as hard as I can. 	'Calm down or I won’t tell you what else is going to happen. He says. So the reason we want you to die and come back to life is so that you become our first official augustine monster! He says with a smile. You’re crazy. I say.'And He continues. My associates will also be turning your girlfriend and Mason, I thought it was kind of strange that you didn’t tell her about Mason, but then I remembered that he was her ex boyfriend.  I thought that was a little low, even for you Damon, if I were you I would want to be the first one to tell her because he will probably be waking up soon. I am going to kill you. I say. I have never felt this type of anger before, Kayla can’t die, I can’t die, She’s not going to come back, I am not going to come back. He’s crazy. That’s funny because I am pretty sure I am technically the one killing you. He says as he injects something into my neck. I could say something, I could beg for my life or for Kayla’s, but I am not going to. There is nothing I can do to stop this. What am I thinking, I have to stop this I am not going to die like this!I pull as hard as I can until the strap on my left hand becomes loose, when the scientist turns around. I pull my hand out of the straps and I grab the scissors on the table beside of me. I cut the strap off of my other hand as quickly as I can, but I know he has to hear me. He turns around and I throw the scissors as hard as I can aiming at his neck, but he moves too fast and they stab Into his shoulder. He’s distracted so I unlatch the straps around my legs. Right when I unlatch the right one he stabs the scissors into my hand. I yell in pain.'Well since you’ve already been injected, I guess now I can kill you. He says. I try to pull the scissors out of my hand but it hurts too bad. He pulls the scissors out of my hand slowly, trying to make me suffer and stabs me in the neck. Everything goes black. 						~ Kayla POV I wake up in a room all by myself, It has one light hanging on the ceiling and one door right in front of me. This room is much bigger than the cell Damon and I shared. Damon, I need to find him, I am not strapped down anymore. I get up and walk towards the door right has I reach to open it I see the door knob move and I back up and run into the table behind me. It is a man I have never seen before, he’s dressed like all of the others, but looks different. He’s older, shorter, and chubby. Who are you? I say. I am Dr. Augustine, I run this place. He says And the society? I say. No just the lab, my brother is in charge of all of us he says. Why am I here? I didn’t do anything to you or you’re society to deserve this, and neither has Damon. I say. I know you don’t want to be here, but you’re here for research. he says. Think of it like you are here for the greater good of humanity. So, what do you want? I say annoyedly. I don’t want to be here right now I just want to lay down and go to sleep. I am just letting you know that you will be going through stage two soon. He says, your boyfriend already went through it, and he surprisingly made it out alive. He’s smiles at me, I don’t respond or smile back, Damon’s not my boyfriend I don’t even know him. The scientist walks to the table behind me and picks up one of the two syringes. Sit down. He says while motioning towards the metal operating table. I sit down and he injects me with something in the neck. Whats stage two? I blurt out.'Well what I injected you with put stage two your body, and the other syringe over there will make it start. he says. I can’t let him do this to me. He picks up the other syringe on the table and walks across the room to fill it up. His back is turned, I grab a strange looking sharp tool on the table and put it under my leg. He’s walking towards me, I have to think fast. He’s about to inject me with the other syringe, but I grab the object under my leg and stab him in his leg as fast as I can. Sorry. I say. Wheres Damon? He’s completed his transformation, you won’t want to see him. he says. I don’t even know what that means, but I am not going to leave him behind. I say.  where is he?  Bottom floor. He says tiredly. I take the syringe out of his hand and stab it in his neck, maybe it will slow him down and he won’t be able to stop me from finding Damon and leaving. I dart for the door, but if I go out there everyone will recognise me, they will know who I am, what should I do? I walk over the scientist, who is now unconscious, and I am trying to take his white lab coat off, but his whole body is limp and he weighs way more than me. I can do this. I have to do this. I use all my strength and flip him on his side so that I can get one of his arms out of his coat and then I flip him to the other side and get the whole coat off of him. I put it on and walk out of the door slowly, to my right everyone is at their operating tables doing something or on their computers, but on the other end of that room is a door that says staircase. On my left there’s a door that says exit, but I have to get Damon. I walk down the narrow and short hallway. I see the door that says staircase on it. I try to walk slowly and normally so that no one will notice me, I could walk around all of the tables, but that might be too obvious, so I walk straight through the middle of all of the tables and workers. No one even looks up at me, I reach the door and open it quickly and stand for a moment to catch my breath, my heart is beating so fast. I have to prepare myself for whatever might be wrong with Damon. I walk down the stairs. Chapter 9 Damon POV I wake up Laying on the ground, I feel weird, my skin is tingling, my head is pounding. There’s blood all over me, but how am I still here?  I feel starving, I sit up, what happened to me?  I remember that I was with a scientist, but that’s all I can remember.  I hear someone say something I jump up and look around, but no one is in here. Great now I am hallucinating. I smell something, something that smells like food, I look around and see a strange bag on the floor of my cell. Why can I smell it? Why does it smell so good? I pick it up and drink it as fast as I can, I have never been this hungry before. The bag is empty and I want more, but what as it? It was  filled with some type of liquid, but I couldn’t tell what kind. I walk over towards the light and hold the empty bad up to the light to see. Blood. I just drank blood. Why would I drink blood? This has to be a dream, this can’t be real. I drop to the floor and sit with my head in my hands. What just happened?  I hear someone coming, but I can’t tell how far away they are. Damon! I hear Kayla yell. Are you okay? I smell it again, the smell that makes me so hungry. I run to the other side of my cage as fast as I can. Get away from me Kayla! I yell. You can’t help me, just go. I sit down on the floor. Damon I am not going to leave you, I will never leave you! she says. I am a monster Kayla go, I don’t want you hear. I am lying, I don’t want her to leave, but she has to, I wouldn’t be able to live with myself if I hurt her, the one person I have left to care about. You would never leave me, so I am not going to abandon you. Kayla says.  She walks over to the table a paperclip. She’s going to try to pick the lock. It’s a good thing you don’t remember how to pick a lock. I say sarcastically. Every minute she’s in here, it’s getting harder and harder for me not to hurt her or kill her. I don’t know what I might do. I hear someone coming down the stairs. Kayla hide, someone’s coming. I whisper. No Damon, I am getting you out. She says determinedly. I wouldn’t do that If I were you. A voice says. He sounds familiar. Who are you? Kayla says. He walks closer and I see him. It’s Mason, Kayla’s ex, who I still haven’t told her about. Come on, you couldn’t have forgotten me. He says. He takes the paperclip out of Kayla’s hand. He rips the door open like it was nothing. What are you doing you idiot! I yell. I’ll hurt you both! Not while I am here you won’t, come on we have to go, I’ll make sure you don’t hurt kayla, but right now we have to get out of here! He says. I walk towards him and fight every urge in my body to drink her blood. Kayla backs up and sits down on a chair a few feet away from the cell. What’s wrong with me? I say to mason. Nothing, I went through this too, you’ll get over it I promise. He says bordely. I hate Mason, he’s been trying to get Kayla back ever since we started dating. I bet he’s going to love telling her about how I somehow forgot to mention that him and her were together. I honestly didn’t do it out of jealousy or selfishness. I did it because I didn’t want to overwhelm her with her past life. Walk in front. He says. Whatever you say. I say with a fake smile. Kayla, you can walk behind me. He says. He stretches out his hand for her to help her up. He gives me a braggy smile. Why am I so angry? I have never felt this angry before, I want to hurt him more than anything. Wow, you can help someone out of chair. I say.'Just walk. He says to me. I walk in front  of them both and open the door. I am walking up the stairs when an announcement comes on through all the speakers in the building. Code 245, Code 245, Doctor Augustine has been found dead in the inspection room, Possible on the loose. What? Kayla says. I killed him? That can’t be possible. It’ll be okay, but we have to keep moving kayla. Mason says. No it’s not okay! she says. Maybe I do deserve to be in this place. Look we don’t have time for this right now! Mason says. We have to leave while we still have a chance, I know you killed that man but he probably deserved it!'	I resist every urge in my body to hurt Kayla. I walk over to her and put my arm around her. I try to focus on helping her and not anything else even though I am a monster. 	'It’ll be okay. I say. I promise. I have never seen her so upset before. Come on we have to find a way out of here. Mason says.We open the door and leave the stairwell. Kayla POV We walk out of the stairwell,. There’s an exit door at the other side of that hallway. I say as I point in it’s direction.  Me and Damon are just following behind Mason. Once we walked out of the door he started holding my hand. It almost doesn’t phase me, but Damon is looking everywhere but at me. Maybe he’s afraid someone might attack us, but I think he’s afraid of hurting me, I don’t know what’s wrong with him. 	I think I care about Damon, he’s the only person I have, I don’t have any family anymore, I don’t even know who I am. All I know is, is that Damon cares about me and he’s the best friend I could ask for.  	We’re walking beside the walls, because the dividers hanging up around each operating table shields us from being seen. We’re on the only floor that is above ground all of the other three floors are underground, like where Damon and I’s cell was. I don’t know what the other two floors are for and I don’t think I want to know. 	We are almost to the hallway when a loud alarm goes off, I quickly cover my ears with both of my hands. Damon Is laying on the floor covering his ears. It must be because of whatever stage two did to him. Mason grabs damon. 	'Get up! Mason yells at Damon. I run behind them as fast as I can, but They’re both faster than me. I pass the room, the room where I killed doctor Augustine.  I can’t believe He’s dead, all I did was inject him with whatever he was going to inject me with. Maybe he was going to kill me. I don’t think I will ever be able to forgive myself, yes he was a bad guy, but I just got into the ‘real world’ or whatever and I already feel different. I wanted this to be like a fresh start, a change for me. 	We finally reach the exit door and I feel anxious, what is the real world going to be like? I won’t be considered damaged or different. What if I could find my real family.  We get outside and it’s dark, but I can tell that there’s a huge fence far away from the building and there’s a road that leads to the outside world. I turn around and look at the building, I walk backwards into the grass so that I can see the whole thing. ‘Augustine lab’ is what it says on the front. 	'Get over here Kayla. Mason says. Someone might see you! He has a distressed look on his face, I wonder how long he has been here for.  He could be cute, He has brown hair and Brown eyes and is tall like Damon, but he acts too controlling and uneasy. I don’t know why, but he reminds me of Emmete. 	I walk back over to him and Damon. Where are we going to go. I say. Anywhere outside of this fence. Mason says. Thanks genius, but how are we going to get there? Damon says sarcastically. Mason shoots Damon a annoyed look'We need to start walking now and get to somewhere safe before daylight. mason says.He walks in front of me and Damon. I can’t blame Mason for trying to get out of here as fast as he can, I want to leave this place more than anything. I want to forget everything that happened here, but a part of me is scared to leave, what is there to offer me in the real world? I don’t know anything about it or even anything about myself. Damon. I whisper. Who am I in this world? I ask. He glances at me, I don’t think he wants to talk, something is wrong with him. Can we talk about this later? He says. In private? He glances in Mason direction. I nod In response.  What if I was a bad person in this world, maybe that why he doesn’t want to talk about it in front of Mason. we have been walking for a while now I wonder why they don’t have any security around here. Hey, Mason how did you escape? Damon says randomly. He has and accusing look on his face. I got out of my cell just like you. Mason replies. Well of course, but did someone help you? Damon says. What are you implying? Mason says. He stops walking and turns around and stares at Damon. Damon puts his hands up. I am not implying anything, just asking questions. He says. I smile at Damon, but I don’t really know why, I like his personality and he’s literally my only friend in the world. We finally reach the fence, It must be 20 feet tall, it’s the biggest fence I have ever seen. How are we going to get through? I say. Mason walks over to the fence and puts both of his hands on it. I don’t think you are going to be able to break a fence. Damon says.Mason looks back at Damon and pulls it apart with no struggle. Damon and I just stare at him, we don’t even know what just happened. 	'How did you do that? I say. 	'Damon can do it too, he just doesn’t know what he is yet. Mason says. He starts walking through the hole he created in the fence. I follow behind him and Damon’s right behind me. 	'What do you mean, by know what I am? Damon says. 	'You’re like me Damon, the same thing that’s happening to you right now happened to me. Mason says. But Kayla isn’t like us, I don’t think that scientist got the chance to do it to her. Mason looks at me. 	'He only injected me with one syringe. I say.	'Oh well that’s probably a good thing. he says. Or maybe not. 	'Nothing can be worse than being like you. Damon says.We’re walking through the woods now, I don’t want to ask Mason where we are or where we’re going since he seems unapproachable, I don’t know what I did to make him not like me. we keep walking through the woods, how did he find me and Damon so easily? And why? He doesn’t act like he likes us very much. 	'Where are you taking us? I say to Mason. I try to sound stern and not like myself. 	'I know a house we can stay in, it’s only about a hour walk from here, but we can’t take a break, we have to get there before the sun comes up. He says. 	'Why can’t we travel in the morning? I say. Because Damon and I can’t stay in the sun. Mason says. Woah, woah, woah slow down, why can’t I be in the sun. Damon says. I am tired of answering questions, you guys can come with me or die out here alone! Mason says angrily. 	We walk for the rest of the night in silence. Chapter 10	Kayla Pov  We finally reach the house Mason said will keep us safe. I don’t know what time it is, but I am exhausted and I feel gross all I want to do is take a shower and sleep forever. The house is small and looks like a log cabin. 	'There are three bedroom, so we each get to have our own. Mason says. He walks into the house and straight into a room and shuts the door. 	'Do you know why he’s so angry acting? I say to Damon. 	'Look I’ll tell you everything now. He says. He walks over to the couch and sits down, I sit down on the cushion beside him.  He doesn’t say anything for what feels like forever. So. I say. What was my life? We met in middle school. He says. but we didn’t like each other, not even as friends. In Highschool you started dating Mason and I interrupt him. If we dated then why does he hate me so much? Why didn't you tell me? I didn’t want to overwhelm you at the time about now I know I need to tell you everything. He says. Okay. I say. I’ll make this story short for you, so, In junior year of highschool when we were in all of the same classes together and we started talking, I became the reason you and Mason broke up. He says. I don’t really know what to say, I don’t remember liking any of them or even anything at all. Okay I see why he doesn't like us then. I say. What was my family like? Did I still have one? Of course you have a family, they remember you, but now they probably think something happened to you. He says. what were they like'? I say'Well, I was never really a family favorite when it came to boyfriends. He says. So, I honestly don’t really know what they were like, we had only been dating for six months when we got taken by the Augustine. He says. Why didn’t they like you? I say. It’s complicated, but they just didn’t like how I was the guy who made you and your perfect boyfriend break up. He says sarcastically. Do you think  I’ll ever remember who I am? I say. I hope so he says kind of sadly. I am going to go to sleep, I’ll see you tomorrow. We can talk more in private later He says. He gets up and walk out of the living room and down the only hallway in the house. He opens this first one and goes into his room. I sit for a minute and think about everything that has happened. I just wish I knew more about me and Damon and just everything. I get up and walk to the door beside Damon’s, Mason’s door is right in front of ours. I walk in and shut my door, I stay there for a minute and I decide to lock my door. Damon POV 	I lay in bed thinking about everything that has happened today, I haven’t been able to fall asleep for what feels like hours, but I look at the clock and it says that it's three forty five AM. It’s only been about forty five minutes since I laid down, I don’t even feel tired, all I feel is hunger, my whole body hurts and my head is pounding. I decide to get up and see if there’s anything in this house to eat. I walk out of my room and try to be as quiet as possible, so I open the door slowly, but it still squeaks really loud. I walk out of the door and turn left, so that I can walk to the kitchen, I get to the fridge and of course it’s empty. Then I smell it, I open the bottom drawer of the fridge, and there it is the same bags that I drank at the augustine place, I pick one up and stare at it. I hear someone open their door, I turn around and Mason is a few feet away from me, he completely ignores that I am there and goes to the fridge and grabs a bag. I give him a weird look. What? he says angrily. Midnight snack? I reply sarcastically.  You have to drink it Damon if you don’t you’ll die. He says. He opens the top of the bag and I can smell it. I grab the bag and guzzle it all down without thinking. What’s wrong with us? I say. Nothing Damon we’re just different now, there’s so many things you don’t know that you can do yet. He says. He starts walking away, back towards his room. Wait. I say. What can I do? I want to know more than anything. I need to know if I am a monster or what. You have hearing and strength that isn’t humanly possible and I am guessing you haven’t seen yourself whenever you get around blood, I suggest that next time you look in the mirror. I suggest that you take a shower soon, you smell. I say. I walk past him and go back to my room, I sit on the bed and wonder what Kayla would think about me if she saw what I did. I am not proud of myself and I know that she wouldn’t of been either, but I don’t know what else do do. I don’t want to die. There’s so much I haven’t told her, I don’t even know what I should tell her about her past. She’s expecting an amazing family but that’s not what she had, I don’t know how to tell her, but I know it’s my responsibility to tell. The reason we got taken by the Augustine society is because we were planning to run away with each other, her parents found out about it and sent them after us. I don’t know how I am supposed to tell her, that her dad was a part of the whole society. If she goes and tries to meet them they will send us back there. I still don’t know how Mason got to the lab, but I don’t trust him.I get up and look in the mirror above my dressier. I look tired and dirty, I try to think about blood and being hungry and my whole face changes, Mason was right, there’s red in my eyes instead of white. There are lines under my eyes and my teeth look different. Kayla POV I wake up and immediately I feel how my whole body is sore, I look at the clock to see what time it is, It’s eight thirty, I don’t think anyone else is up yet and I feel disgusting, I get up and look in the mirror, I finally see what I look like, I didn’t realise it but I am still wearing the hospital gown from the lab, My hair is very frizzy and tangled  from walking in the woods for so long last night. It’s much longer than it was in the dreams. I find an old T shirt in the draws of my room and some old pants. While I am in my shower all I can think about is how I don’t know what to do, I feel so uncertain about this life, what is there to offer me? Am I going to have to hide out in this cabin whole life with Damon and Mason? I don’t want to live in fear of being caught by someone, but I guess I have no choice, I don’t want to be experimented on anymore either, I don’t want to forget my whole life again. I just hope I figure this all out eventually. When I get out of my shower no one is awake so I decide to go and get something to eat. I look in the cabinets for something to eat, but there’s nothing. I look in the fridge and see nothing except for something in the bottom drawer, I pick it up but It’s empty with just a red tint to it. I remember seeing this on the floor of Damon’s cell when I was trying to rescue him. It looks like a blood bag, I wonder why Mason would have it in his fridge. Since there’s nothing to eat I decide to go back to bed and sleep until Damon or Mason gets up, hopefully with food. 					~ I wake up again to the sound of talking, Damon and Mason are up now. I roll over and the clock says that it is already past eleven AM. I get up and walk to the kitchen. 	'Is there any food? I say. Damon and Mason are sitting on opposite sides on the room. The talking I heard must've been from the tv and not from them. 	'No, but a friend of mine is coming over in a few days to stay with us and she is bringing food. Masson says. 	'You have a friend? Damon says in disbelief. I laugh a little. 	'She helped me get out of Augustine. Mason says. She told me where I could find this house and that we would be safe here. 	'How do you know we can trust her? Damon says. He sounds angry. 	'She risked her life to save me, if the Augustine found out she helped me she would be killed. Mason says 	'I hope you don’t get us all caught! Damon says. 	'If she does turn us in what are we going to do? I say. 	'She’s not going to turn us in. Mason says. He puts his head in his hands, he seems very annoyed by us. 	'Why did you even help us Mason? It’s not like you care about us. I say. 	'Believe it or not I am not going to leave my old friends in a place to be experimented on eventually die. He says. Wait, If she’s not coming for a few days, then what are we supposed to eat? I say. Damon and I can go hunting later, and bring you back some food. Mason says. Why can’t I go? I say. We need someone to stay back here and look after the house. Mason says. And you don’t look very good, I think you need some rest. Damon adds in. Okay, but hurry back because I am starving. I say. After a couple of minutes, Damon and Mason walk towards the door to leave. Kayla, can I talk to you for a minute? Damon says. I’ll meet you out there. Damon says to mason. Mason rolls his eyes then walks out and shuts the door. Ignore him. Damon says. He walks towards me, I am standing at the entrance of the hallways. I hate it when he looks at me, It makes me feel nervous. It makes me feel like he can see everything I am thinking, Be safe while I am gone I don’t  want anything to happen to you. He says. I think that I should be saying that to you. I laugh a little. Seriously though don’t get hurt. I won’t, I think I’ll be fine since Mason apparently knows everything. Damon says sarcastically. So what did you want to talk to me about? I say. Just incase something does happen to me or to you, I just need to say something. He says. I stare at him, I think he’s waiting for a response. You can tell me. I say. What is it? He walks closer towards me. I love you Kayla, and I have never stopped loving you, even after you lost your memory. He says bluntely. And I am not giving up on you or on us. I don’t know what to say, before I can say anything he interrupts me. I know this is selfish of me to tell you this right now, but I am a selfish person and I just need you to know. Someone knocks on the door. Damon. I say.'You don’t need to say anything back, I know you can’t love me back. He says. He turns around and starts walking towards the door.'It’s not that I can’t Damon. I say. I just don’t know how to love you, I don’t know who you loved or how I can still be like her, because I don’t even know who she was. He smiles and laughs a little.'It’s okay, I understand. Damon says. Watch out for scientists. He walks out of the door and shuts it behind him. I am left all alone, I don’t know how to feel, should I cry, should I feel bad or feel be mad. I just wish I knew what to do Damon POV	I walk out of the door. I am glad I said what I did say. I needed to tell her the truth, who knows what I may do since I am different now or whatever. I see Mason. Didn’t get the response you wanted? He say. Shut up. I say. And stop eavesdropping on my conversations. I can teach you how, If you’ll just let me. He says. Fine. I say. How? He looks around. See that bird over there? He says as he points to a tree with a bird on the limb. Barely. I reply. Look at it and focus your hearing on the bird. He says.'The last time I checked birds don’t talk. I say. LIsten for the bird’s heart beat. He says. I stare a the bird and try to block out all other sounds and Mason is right, I can hear the heartbeat of the bird. I can hear it. I say trying not to sound too happy. I still not like Mason, I don’t want him to think that him teaching me something can make me happy, but it did take my mind off of Kayla. Good job he says, now watch and learn. He says trying to sound cocky. He picks up and rock and starts aiming towards the bird.  Do you really think that you can kill a bird with a stone. I say in disbelief. He laughs a little.  He throws the rock as hard as he can at the bird and knocks it right out of the tree. I’ve never seen a rock or anything be thrown that fast. Why didn’t the bird fly away? I say. He starts walking towards the woods to go hunt more. He didn’t see it coming, the rock was moving too fast for the bird to realise. he says. Didn’t I tell you that we had strength like no other people? I don’t reply, I don’t understand how any of this is even possible. 	For the next couple of house we hunt, once we return home it’s already evening time and the sun’s going down. We killed four rabbits and found some wild berries to eat. The house looks the same. I walk eagerly to the door, I need to make sure that Kayla is okay. I open the front door. Kayla? I say. Kayla? I listen carefully and I hear a heartbeat coming from her room. I open the door and she’s asleep. I’ll wake her up once the food is ready. I shut her door back. I walk back to the kitchen where Mason is starting to prepare our food. How do you know all of this stuff? I say. Like what? he says. How do you know everything that you and I can do? I say irritatedly. I’ve been awake a lot longer than you have. He says. How long have we been in there? I say confused. I don’t know exactly how long, but I woke up thirteen months ago. He says. And then they started stage two. So we might've been experimented on for years? I say. He nods in response. I feel sick, how could I have spent so much of my life in there. I doesn’t seem possible, This doesn’t seem real, This can’t be real. How old am I? I say. Well, when we got taken I remember that Kayla was seventeen and you were older than her, so probably eighteen. He says. He acts like he doesn’t even care, like it doesn’t even bother him. I decide to stop talking about it, at least for now since he seems like he only wants to focus on preparing the meal. After about twenty something minutes go by I decide to ask him a question. So what are we? I say finally. I have been asking myself this question ever since I left that prison cell. I feel like I am a different person now and I don’t know why. I don’t know what we are exactly. he says. Some type of monster. Oh. I say. I may never find out. All I know is that the Agustine are going to come looking for us again and we need to be prepared to run and never look back. So, who is the girl that helped you get out? I say. I’ve known her ever since I woke up. He says. I had to wait until you and Kayla to wake up before I could leave, I wasn’t going to leave you both behind. Are you sure that we can trust her. I say. All I know is that I never want to go back to the Augustine and I never will. Yes. he says. I am one hundred percent sure. How can you be one hundred percent sure? I say. Because I love her and I know she loves me.  he says. I hope so. I say quietly. If he is just putting his trust in the wrong person then we are all going to get taken back. Kayla POV	 I wake up to Damon shaking me. He smiles at me. The food is ready. He says. He walks towards the door to leave. I sit up. Wait. I say. He turns around and looks at me. There are a thousand things I want to say, but I just don’t know how to tell. Seconds go by and I still haven’t said anything. Yes? He say. What’s for dinner? I blurt out.'Trust me you don't want to know. he says with a laugh. He walks out and shuts the door I Lay back down. What’s wrong with me? He’s just any other person, I can talk to him. He has no problem telling me how he feels, why can’t I tell him how I feel? Maybe it’s because I don’t even know how I feel or what it even is that I think I feel. 	I get up and leave my room and walk into the kitchen. There’s fur everywhere and it smells like dead animal, or it might just be me imagining it. What type of animal did you kill? I say.'Rabbits. Mason replies without looking at me. I walk and sit beside of Damon after I get my food. I don’t know why Mason avoids me so much, things must have ended badly between us. I wish I knew, I wish I knew every memory I had, even all of the bad ones.'When’s your friend going to be here? I say to Mason. I don’t know but hopefully soon. He says. No one really talks anymore for the rest of dinner, all Damon and I do is make awkward eye contact, where I am always the first one to break it. Mason walks out of the kitchen and goes to his rom. Damon can we talk? I say my voice shaky. I need to tell him something, I can’t avoid this forever and we probably won’t have forever, the Agustine will come for us eventually and I feel like I am running out of time. He comes and sits beside me on the couch. About what you said earlier Damon, I just wanted to tell you that I care about you a lot, more than I’ve never cared about anyone and there’s nothing more I want in this world then to remember everything about you and I. I say. But there’s nothing you can do about that and I understand. he says. Thank you. I say. I am sorry. Don’t be sorry Kayla, It’s not your fault. He says kind of sadly. I am about to respond and tell him what I really want to say, but Someone knocks on the door. Your girlfriend is here. Damon says he sounds mad. Mason runs into the room faster than I’ve ever seen anyone run before, he shots Damon a mad glare. He opens the door and immediately everything about him changes. 	'Samantha! He says sounding happier.Samantha walks in and they hug. She’s tall, not taller than Mason, but taller than me. She has short blonde hair and brown eyes. She reminds me of the girls from my dreams. I look at Damon, maybe he feels the same way. I notice that she’s carrying bags, hopefully with food. She’s wearing a long white coat like the other scientist from Augustine	'Samantha, this is Damon and Kayla. Mason says. 	'I remember them. Samantha says. But he seems a little different. She points at Damon. I look at him and His whole face looks different. 	'Damon, are you okay? I say. I walk over to him and he turn away. 	'Does she not know yet? Samantha says to Mason. 	'Know what? I say. What are you not telling me? I say to mason and Damon. Mason looks at Damon, who is barely facing me down. What’s wrong with him?'Damon and I are different now Kayla. He says. He looks at Damon, I think he’s homing Damon will tell me or at least say something. 	'I’ll let Damon tell you. Mason says. Damon just stares at me, he doesn’t say anything. Damon? I say He just stares at me. I get angry, I leave and go into my room, I don’t get why He won’t tell me, or how he is different. The Augustine must've done something terrible to him and Mason. I have to find out for myself. I still have the white augustine lab coat I can wear that and sneak back in and find out what’s wrong with them two, I don’t even think they really know. I can go back tonight, I’ll have to sneak out of my window,  so that no one can hear me. I wait until Idon’t see Damon or Mason around, I go to Samantha. Can I ask you something? I say. Yes. She says. It has to stay between us. I say. She nods. Tell me how to get into the Augustine without being noticed. I say, I try to sound serious. Why do you need to know? She says. You’re not actually thinking about going back there? Just tell me, I need to find out about myself and I need to help Damon. I say. Please understand, even if you don’t help me I am going to go anyways. She doesn’t respond for a few minutes like she’s making a decision. You’ll need a keycard, like mine and you need to dress like the people there. She says.  I can give you my keycard, I wasn’t very close to anyone there, no one will probably notice that we don’t look alike. She says. She takes the keycard attached to a necklace off and hands it to me. Here. She says. If you get killed or taken I and not responsible. What she says scares me, I don’t know what I am walking into. I turn around and walk to my room I need to remember that this is for Damon and I am also doing this for myself. We both need this. Chapter 11 Kayla POVIt’s finally night time, I stayed in my room most of the day to catch up on my sleep, I had a strange dream, Damon and I were in it and we were running from something, but I don’t know what, and then I just woke up. It didn’t feel like a dream though, It felt kind of real, like it had happened before. I wrote Damon a letter, telling him that I am sorry if I don’t make it back and it explains ways I am feeling. I slip the letter under his door, no one is awake. I think I might miss this place. I sneak out of my window quietly, I stick the white coat in my shirt, I don’t want it to get dirty. I am already feeling sore even though I’ve been walking for only twenty minutes. I realise that I didn’t really think this through, I am just doing this for Damon. I don’t Know why really, i guess it’s because he’s my first friend and we have a past, I really want to remember everything that has happened, I feel like part of me has been taken away without my permission. I’ve had every event in my life stolen from me, so maybe I am doing this for me too. I could find out something about myself. I have to get back what they stole from me and whatever they stole from Damon. Damon POV 	I wake up at the sound of people talking, of course Samantha and Mason. I doubt Kayla is up yet, I decide to get up anyways. When I get out of bed I notice that there is a piece of paper lying on my floor that wasn’t there before. I pick it up and start to read it. 	Dear Damon, 		I am sorry I can’t tell you this in person, every time I see you all I think about is telling you how I truly feel, but I never can. I am in love with you, even though I don’t know much about you or even about myself. I know that there is something between us. I keep trying to come up with excuses on why I feel this way about you, but none of them matter.  You were my first friend, in the dream world and the real world and this is why I have to leave, I have to know my past, and our past. I am going to figure out what is going on with you and Mason, I need to know the truth about everything. There might be some way for me to get my memory back. Don’t come after me, it won’t be safe for you. I care about you Damon and this is why I am doing this, for you and I, I hope you understand. I need to know what they stole from me and I have to get it back.										Love, 											Kayla	I run out of my room as fast as I can. Mason we have to go! I yell. He stands up. Is someone here? He says. No, it’s Kayla. I say. She’s went back to the augustine, she left me a note. We have to leave now! I gave her my keycard. Samantha says quietly.'You did what? I say angrily. Why would you do that? She told me that even if I didn’t help her she would go anyways. She says. You could've told me or Mason and we Could have stopped her. I say. No. She says. What do you mean no? I say. The Augustine would have came for her anyways, she killed one of their most important men, it’s better she’s gone anyways. She says. She does not deserve to have to go back there. I say. If we leave now then we can get ahead of them if they come for us. Samantha says while looking at Mason. He hasn’t said anything this whole time. Mason? I say. Are you coming with me or not? He stands up. I didn’t leave my old friends for dead before, what makes you think I’ll do it now? He says to Samantha. Will you come with us? Mason says to her. She doesn’t respond for a little while, like she’s deciding in her head what she should do. Okay. She says. Come one we need to hurry. I say as I run out of the front door. As I am running I realise she loves me. Kayla loves me. Kayla POV 	I arrive at the lab’s fence, but this time I am on a different side then I was with Mason and Damon. I see and entrance fence, this would be the best time to start acting like a normal employee. I put on the white lab coat and try to wipe the sweat off of my face. I pull my hair back in a ponytail so that maybe it will look more official. I put on the heels that I found in my room. 	I walk towards the fence, no ones around, there’s a place where you can swipe your keycard. I  take my keycard off of my neck and question if it will actually work. I swipe and there’s a loud buzz as the door opens. I walk through I need to prepare myself for whatever might happen. 	It takes about twenty minutes for me to walk down the long side walk leading to the lab, the scientist here must never leave, I’ve haven't seen anyone since I have been walking. I get to the building and see the Agustine sign on front of the lab. I get to the door and it has another key card scanner, I scan my card again and the door opens, as soon as it opens I see all of the scientist walking around and talking. I think they’re probably trying to figure out what went wrong and how we were able to get out. I walk into the building and no one even seems to notice that I am there. Everyone is too distracted by their work I walk up to a younger looking guy sitting at his desk, I need to get answers from someone. Before I walk over to him, I walk past the room where I killed that man, I feel sad, but I need to stop thinking about it, I need to focus on what I am really here for. I walk over to the boy. 	'Hi. I say. He looks up at me. I am new and I don’t really know what’s going on here. 	'Oh, well some test subjects are  on the loose and we need to find them before something bad happens. He says. What could happen? I say. They’re not in their right mind and one of them has no clue what’s going on with himself. He stops talking and looks at me. You probably have no clue what I am talking about, I’ll just show you their files. I laugh a little. Thanks, I was getting confused. I say. I try to smile to hide how worried I am. Follow me. He says as he stands up. I am Michael. I follow behind him. I am Mia. I say. Really I couldn’t think of a better fake name. I don’t even know anyone named Mia. We have to take the stairs, our elevator isn’t working. he says. We only go down one flight of stairs, were on the second floor. He opens the door and I walk in. The whole room is full of file cabinets. Where should I look at? I say. He walks over to one shelf of cabinets. This is the cabinet full of all of are successful experiments, the rest are all of our failed ones. He says. I try to laugh like what he says doesn’t bother me. Their names are Damon Easton, Mason Grimes and Kayla Anderson. He says. Come and find me once your done. He says. To me as he walks towards the door. Okay. I say Thank you. He leaves the room. I walk towards the cabinet and open up the first drawer, I take out all of the files and bring them to a table beside the cabinets.I start looking for Damon’s last name, Easton, I want to find out what’s up with him first. I get to the E’s and he’s the second file. I immediately open it. The file shows a picture of him from 2016. How long have we been here? It says under the picture.  Experiment start date: January, 26th, 2016. If we were taken in 2016 then how old are we now? And why was my dream set so far into the future? What year is it now? I flip to the back of the file where I see a paper. It says. Escaped July 12th 2019. 	I don’t know what to do, we have been here for three years. My whole family, whoever they are, definitely think I am dead. How could I have not woken up for almost three years. I want to just leave and go back to the cabin, but I know that I need to keep looking for more answers. I flip back towards the front of the file. I read for a while. The first few pages were talking about how he was put into dream like simulations, that the test subject thought were. If they wake up from stage one then they get put into stage two. He woke up from stage one january 26th. It said that Damon was the second person to make it through stage two and that he was the thirty eighth try.  I flip to where It starts his stage two, but there’s only one page. Subject was injected with stage two at 2:38 PM on July 11th, 2019. Subjected died with stage two in his body at 2:42 Pm. Died? He’s not dead? Subject completes stage two at 1:02 AM July 12th, 2019.  I don’t understand how him dying makes him complete stage two. I’ll ask Michael what stage two is once I get done with Mason and I’s file. I go back to the fles shelf and put them all back I open the second drawer and find Mason Grimes and myself, Kayla Anderson. I flip through masons and his has the same date as Damon’s January 26th, 2016. But Mason woke up on February 19th, 2018. The same thing happened to him as Damon, he died and woke up again the next day. I look at my file I have the same start date but my stage two is different. Injected with stage two on July 12th 2019, subject escaped with stage two inside of body. On stage one it says they injected me with something to make me lose all important memories, I need to find out how to get them back. I keep reading and it says. Subject deceased on: That’s the last thing it says, what happens if I die? I put the files up and walk back up to the first floor to find Michael I need to find out what stage two is. Why is it blank?I get to the floor and everyone is still walking around and looks stressed. I see michael and walk towards him. He sees me and smiles I start towards him, but an announcement interrupts me and everyone stops walking and talking. Subject Kayla Anderson back on premises, if found report to security station. Beware subject may be dangerous. My heart drops to my stomach I look back to see Michael, but He is gone, he knows I am not who I say I am.  I run back to the stairwell and go to the third floor, I don’t know what’s on it, but maybe I can hide there. I run down the stairs and open the door. Everyone turns and looks at me. This is the security station. My heart drops I just stand there everyone runs towards me and three men grab me they take me back to the top floor, I try to fight and get away, but I am not strong enough. I don’t know what to do, I can’t get caught, I can’t be taken, I can’t go back to be experimented on. 	They take me to one of the scientists tables and a scientist injects me with a needle. I try to get my eyes open, but my whole body feels tired and like it’s going limp. I use every ounce of energy I have just to keep my eyes open. The scientist start talking, but I can’t hear them, all I can hear is my heart beating. I fall asleep.  						~ When I wake up again everything is black, but someone is shaking me, It’s Damon. Kayla! He says. Kayla, get up we have to do now. I jump off of the table and follow behind him, no one else is here it’s just us two. Wait. I say, but he keeps running without looking back, I walk down a hallway and I feel freezing, I have no shoes on and I am in a hospital gown. I walk past the room where I killed That scientist, Doctor Agustine. I feel this heavy weight on my chest, I open the door and there’s blood everywhere and he’s lying dead on the floor. My chest hurts It feels like grief is stabbing me in the heart. I sit down on the ground and put my hands in my head and scream. I didn’t mean to kill you! I yell.  I gasp and open my eyes, there’s a bright light shining in my eyes, I am laying on a cold and stiff table. I look to my right and see Michael. Michael. I say. But he doesn’t look at me he just keeps typing on his computer. What am I doing here? Were running some test on you to see how long, you can live with stage two in your body. I feel exhausted and like I can barely keep my eyes open. I’ve never felt so tired before my whole body hurts and just wants to fall back asleep. They must have injected me with something to make me weaker because I can’t even move my hands and I am not even strapped down. What are you doing to me? I say. I just told you. Michael says annoyedly. I am running some tests. What type of tests? I say. Michael huffs like I am bothering him. Test to find out how much longer you can live with stage two inside of you.  He says. Where’s Damon? I say. We don’t know. He says. And then he walks towards me. Do you know where Damon is? He says urgently. Tell me and I promise I won’t hurt you and I will not hurt you. 	I can’t focus on what he’s saying my whole body wants me to fall asleep so I close my eyes.. Kayla! I hear Michael yell, but I don’t care. I am too tired to care about anything. I wonder what I’ll dream about this time. Damon POV Mason, Samantha and I get to the fence. 	'We need to find the hole in the fence, where we got out last time. I say. 	'I know. Mason replies. 	'How about you go left and I go right. I say to mason. We will both eventually get there but this way then one of us can get there sooner and find kayla. 	'Okay. Mason replies. 	'Why can’t we just break another hole into the fence? Samantha says. 	'Because the other hole leads to the back door we escaped out of if we find it we may be able to get in without being seen. Mason says to her. Watch out for any scientist. I say as I start to walk away. All I can think about is Kayla, I don’t understand why she would risk her life for me, or why she didn’t just ask me for help. It’s probably because she is still mad at me. I hate Samantha for what she did. I still don’t trust her and I doubt that I ever will, but if something happens to Kayla I am Holding Samantha responsible. I remember the first time Kayla and I met, we were at school and she was sitting with all of her friends and Mason at lunch. I was more of an outcast then she was. I remember I caught her staring at me during lunch. So later when I saw her alone at her locker I went and talked to her.  We became friends, which Mason did not like and eventually we started dating. We had been together for six months when we got taken. I was a grade older than and that’s why her parents didn’t like me. 	I finally get to the hole in the fence, I wonder if Mason and Samantha already got in or if they are still walking. Some part of me hopes that they got in and the other hopes that they didn’t. I don’t trust them, but I want Kayla to be found by someone even if it can’t be me. I walk through the opening towards the building. I can barely see the giant words that say Agustine lab across the front. I feel starving, I hope I can control it around Kayla. Chapter 12 Kayla POVI wake up in the lab again lying on the cold table. I know this isn’t real, but this time I am all alone, which makes this dream even more scarier. I think one of my biggest fears is being alone, I have not liked being alone ever since I got out of the dream world. I get up off of the table and stat walking down the hallways. I wonder if these dreams mean anything or if they are just a sytophect to whatever tests they are running on me. I walk past the room where the doctor I had killed was last time, I open the door but this time he’s not there. I am completely alone. I run to where the door that says stairs are, maybe Damon is back in his cell. I run down the stairs as fast as I can. I swing open the door, but no one is in here either. I sit on a chair in front of the cell and put my hands on my head. What am I supposed to do? 	I feel someone shaking me and I wake up. I open my eyes and It’s Mason, this can’t be real, I try to lean up but I can’t my body is so weak, this must be real then. In all of the dreams I feel fine, but now I feel horrible and extremely weak and tired. Where’s Damon? I say. But I can hardly even hear myself talk I wonder if Mason even heard me. He’s coming. Mason says. I can’t move. I whisper, my eyes are closing and I feel so tired He picks me up. We should just leave her. Samantha says. I can’t leave her here Samantha! Mason says. No matter how many times you save her they are not going to stop looking for her. Samantha says. They are going t be looking for Damon and I too! Mason says. We all ran away! You need to stop being jealous of Kayla. Jealous of me? I wonder why, maybe it’s because Mason and I have some kind of past. Fine, lets just get out of here before someone comes. Samantha says. I Open my eyes and see blood everywhere, there are guards and scientists bodies everywhere. What happened? I say. Is Damon okay? Damon is fine. Samantha says. Mason did this all just to save you. I think she’s angry, I wish I could fall asleep, but seeing all of these dead bodies has me wide awake. How did Mason do all of this? I start to doze off but, then I hear Mason and Samantha sart telling. Run! Mason says to Samantha. I lean up to look just as we are going into the stairwell, there are tons of soldiers everywhere running through the door with guns pointed right at us, but Mason closes the door right before bullets can hit us. I can run. I say. I know I am slowing them down and I can’t let them dying be my fault. Are you sure? Mason says. She said she can walk. Samantha says meanly. Yes. I say. We need to leave now! Samantha says as her and Mason start to sprint down the stairs. I lied. I try to run as fast as I can, but it’s obvious I am still weak. We finally get to the bottom floor and open the door, but there are guards in front of us with their guns aimed at us. Mason lunges for them, but he’s too late, on of the armed men shoots him. He drops to the ground. Mason! Samantha screams. I feel too weak to even react to what just happened. Samantha turns to the guards but she drops. I turn around to see how many are behind me,but everything goes black. Damon POV I finally arrive at the entrance of the building I feel out of breath and tired already, but Ihave to keep going, I have to find Kayla. I walk in and see dead guards and scientists everywhere, did Kayla do this? I walk towards the stairwell to see if Kayla is down there hiding. I walk down the stairs slowly, but I don’t see anything, so I focuses my hearing. All I can hear is silence, but I smell blood everywhere. I am starving. I walk down to the stairs to the bottom floor, I see one slim body lying in front of the door, I sprint towards it. What if it’s Kayla? I flip it over, but it’s Samantha. Where’s Mason and Kayla? I open the door, but no one is in the room. I sprint back up the stairs. Someone has to be here that can give me answers? They can’t all be dead! I get to the first floor and flip over all of the tables and curtains not caring about what they fall on. No one is here Everyone is dead. I fall on the ground and put my head in my hands this can’t be happening. I sit in silence and then I hear it, something is beating, a heart. I focus and walk around. It’s no one on this floor, I walk down the stairs. I press my ear against the door of the room on the second floor. Someone’s alive and in here. I open the door and look around all I see are file cabinets, tons and tons of file cabinets. Someone must be hiding in here, I walk in and shut the door behind me. 	'I know you're in here. I say. Come out, I am not going to hurt you. I just want to talk. No one says anything and no one moves, but I still hear the heartbeat. 	'Please. I say. I just want to know what happened to my friends. I am walking around now looking behind files, but I can’t find anyone. I hear something moving and someone stand up from the back of the room from behind a cabinet. It’s a boy, he’s scrawny and doesn’t look very old. His eyes are red like he’s been crying. Who are you? I say. Michael. He replies. Your Damon. How do you know who I am? I say. I start walking towards him. I helped your friend! He practically yells at me. I hear his heart racing, I must scare him. When? I say. I walk closer towards him, so that now we’re only a few feet apart. Yesterday, She came here asking about you and Mason and her. He says. His voice cracks like he can barely talk. Where are they now? I say. I don’t know. He says. What? I say trying to sound threatening. I need answers out of him. I don’t know where they went! The Augustine has never had this problem before. They must have relocated and brought Kayla and Mason with them. He says. He looks like he’s about to cry. Pull yourself together Michael. I say. I already told you I wasn’t going to hurt you. He looks up at me. If you do everything I need. I say. What if I don’t? He says disgustedly.'Isn’t it obvious? I say with a laugh. I’ll kill you. Let’s go. I say. I start towards the door. Come on I don’t have all da. I say.  Michael walks out of the door in front of me and goes to the top floor. Since we’re here can’t you use one of these computers to contact the rest of your little Augustine friends? I say. I don’t know, it looks like your friend destroyed mostly everything here. Michael says. Well, fix it then. I say. You're a scientist I am pretty sure you can fix a simple computer.'He gives me a angry look, he picks up one of the computers off of the floor and puts it on a desk in front of him, he starts messing with it and I stop paying attention. All I can think about is Kaya and Mason, it must have been Mason that killed all of these people, Kayla wouldn’t of been able to live with herself. I wonder if I would have just walked a little faster or ran if I could have got here in time to save her. Maybe I could have even prevented all of this from happening. I wonder if Mason knows that Samantha is dead. If he finds out he is probably going to blame Kayla and I for having to come back here. I feel responsible for Samantha’s death. And who knows what I am going to have to do to get Kayla and Mason back. Kayla POV I wake up, but I feel different. I don’t feel tired I feel energized and hungry. My vision is blurry I think I am back in the lab again, but it looks different. It’s darker in here and I am in a room instead of out in the open with all of the other experiments. I lean up and look to my left I see someone lying beside me, but I don’t know who. I wonder if Samanthat is okay and if Mason is okay.  I remember what happened to them, but what happened to me? I remember that I saw Mason get shot and then Samantha and then I can’t remember anything else. Did I get shot? I don’t think so because I feel fine. Someone walks into the room, I try to lean up and see who it is, but my vision is still blurry. Hello? I say like it’s a question. Good you’re awake. Someone says. It sounds like a woman, she has a high voice. She puts an IV in my arm I try to move away, but I just realized that my hands and legs are strapped down. What are you doing to me? I say. Nothing of your concern. She says. Nothing of my concern I feel angry, what is she doing to me? I pull on the straps as hard as I can. She walks over to the person beside me and puts an IV in their are. My vision is more clear now and I can see that it’s Mason who’s beside me. I feel relieved for a second, but then I remember that I need to find Samantha. Where’s Damon? I say. Damon is none of your concern. She says. I have never heard someone so serious before. Tell me where he is! I say with a shout. I’ve never felt this type of anger before. I hate her. I pull on the straps as hard as I can, I am about to get lose but, the woman pushes the table that I am laying on into a cell and locks the door. 	I lean up and watch as she goes over to Mason, he’s waking up now. The woman has shoulder length hair that is dark brown, her skin is not as pale as mine is and She looks tall from here, but I could be wrong. Where am I? He says. Who are you? Don’t worry. She says. It’s none of your concern. There she goes again, I hate her. What? None of my concern? Mason says. Let me out of her where’s Samantha? He seems to be stronger than I was when I pulled on the straps, because I see them start to move. The lady wheels him into the same cell as me and locks the door quickly. She hesitates before she walks away. 	'Since I am going to be your new scientist, you both should know my name. She says. Mason and I just stare at her, I could care less about what her names is. I just want answers. 	'I am Susan. She says. She walks out of the room. Immediately after she leaves Mason gets one of his hands lose and frees him and I both from the straps. I sit on my metal table while Mason paces the cell, testing each bar for a loose one. 	'What are we going to do? I say. Earlier all I felt was anger, but now I feel sad and alone. Even though I have Mason I still feel alone, even if I am with Damon I always feel alone, like some part of me is missing. 	'Damon and Samantha will come for us. Mason says. When he says her name all I can think about is how I saw her get shot. I should be truthful with him and tell him that I saw her get shot, but I feel scared. What if he blames me? It was my fault that they even went back to the Agustine lab. I should tell him, who knows how long I am going to be in here with him. Mason. I say. I don’t know if Samantha is okay. He stops pulling on the bars and looks at me. What do you mean Kayla? He says like it’s urgent I tell him right now.'After you got shot I saw Samantha get shot. I say. And she’s not here, so I don’t know what happened to her. I feel like crying. I can’t stop I let myself cry. It’s my fault she’s most likely dead or dying somewhere. No! She can’t be dead. He says. They wouldn’t of killed her. A few seconds pass and the Mason speaks again. Or would they? She could still be alive. I say. Maybe it was not a fatal shot. I am trying to be optimistic, but I don’t think I am doing a very good job at it. What if no one comes for us? What is Damon isn’t even alive. He’s just someone else who died in the process of trying to say me. If Damon died what would I have left? I have no family, no friend, I don’t know anything about the world. I didn’t even know what year it actually was until yesterday. 	I wouldn’t have anything, but that would be if I ever even got rescued from this place. I doubt I’ll be able to escape without being killed. I look up and Mason is sitting in a corner of the cell with his head in his hands. I wonder what he is thinking about, probably Samantha. I want to say something to him, but I don't even know what I would say. I’ve never experienced and actual loved one dying before. I wish I could help him, but he seems like he just needs to be alone right now. I get up from the hard table and sit with my back against the corner of the cell I try to think of something happy, but it doesn’t work I just want this all to be over with. I hope that they don’t find Damon. I eventually I fall asleep.  I wake up to the sound of people talking, but I don’t know what they’re saying so I open my eyes. It’s mason and Susan, obviously fighting. I get up and stretch, but I don’t feel sore even though I just slept on concrete. What’s going to happen to us now? I say to Susan. Well since we have never had anyone make it to stage three before, but now since we have three We’re going to be very cautious in what we do to you both. She says. Damon? Could she have Damon? Three of us? Do you have Damon? I say. We’re in the process of finding your friend.  She says. Everything she says sound so sophisticated and formal. We did not think we were going to find all of you so easily. She says with a smile. She carries a metal tray with two small plastic cups on them. This will be enough to keep you both alive for today she says as she slides the tray under the cell. What it is it? I say. She looks at Mason and then back at me and laughs. She walks out of the room smiling.'Don’t get too comfortable, I’ll be back later. Susan says. I look at Mason, but he ignores me. I know he knows that I am staring at him. What is she talking about? I say. I don’t know what you mean.  Mason says. Yes you do. I say. Have you drank that before? I say. Yes, drink it. He says as he hands one to me.  What is it? I say. Do you have to ask so many questions? He says irritatedly. I grab it from his hand and drink it. So how are we going to get out of here? I say. I don’t know he says. I don’t think we can. Damon will come. I say. If he’s smart he won’t. Mason says. We sit in silence, I don’t know what to say to him. I barely know him and it doesn’t seem like he wants to know me. So I don’t think it bothers him that we sit in silence.Chapter 13Damon POV I wake up outside. I had to sleep outside because smelled so bad inside of the Agustine Lab. I walk down all the way to the bottom floor ro get Michael. 	'Rise and shine. I say sarcastically. Today we’re going to have to find some place else to stay, because who knows when they might come to clean up the dead bodies. The computer didn’t work at all no matter what Michael tried to do. 	Michael gets up and we walk up the stairs, he walks in front of me. I don’t think he would try to run away, but doing this makes him more scared of me. 	'So where do you live? I say. 	'What? He replies. 	'If you haven't noticed I haven’t been into the real world for a while, so we need a place to stay, where do you live at? I say. 	'I live with someone, we can’t stay there? Michael says. 	'What are you afraid I’ll steal your girlfriend or something? Damon says. 	'No. Michael says. He pauses. I live with my mom. 	'How old are you? I say confusedly. 	'I am nineteen, I am amd intern here. He says. 	'Take me to your house. I say. He gives me an annoyed glance. He starts walking. 	We finally get outside and away from the terrible smell. 	'Do you not have a car? I say. 	'Someone must have stolen it when your friend came. I always park over there. He points at an area near the building.  We walk for about an hour. I don’t feel tired at all, but I think Michael is. He’s breathing really heavily. 	'Can we take a break? Michael says. 	'Yeah, sure. I say. 	'So how long have I really been asleep for? I say. I’ve been dreading asking anyone this. I know it’s been longer than six months because Mason has been awake for a while. 	'I don’t know exactly, but everyone talks about how your friend, the girl, is the longest they’ve ever seen someone go through the dream phase. Michael says. 	'So could it have been a year possibly? I say. Or more. I say with reluctance. Thinking about being in an imaginary world for that long makes me sick to my stomach. How is that even possible? 	'Possibly, I never found out, but I think your friend did. He says. 	'Why was there a dream phase? I say. 	'Apparently when your in the dream stage it makes your brain not know what's real and what's not, so when you are injected with stage two and then injected with the poison, your brain still thinks that is in the dream world. So when you wake up afterward because your brain thought that it was all a dream. He says. 	'Isn’t that impossible though? I say. 	'It seems like it, but it’s not. He says. I gave you the simple version of the explanation. 	'There were lots of failed experiments, so we decided to start giving all of the power to your brain. He says. 	'What does that mean? I say. 	'Your brain would wake itself up whenever it started realizing, then wherever it realized it would be the most manipulatable because you would have just regained consciousness and be unaware of anything going on. He says. 	'My whole life has been wasted on this. I say. I hate these people and what they have done to Mason, Kayla and I. Samantha didn’t deserve this either. 	'But, Kayla was very extraordinary, she took the longest to come out of the dream phase and was still able to die with stage two in her body and still come back. He says. 	'Kayla is dead? I say. I stand up. 	'Was dead, she’s alive again most likely.  He says 	'Break times over, we need to keep moving. I say. He stands up and walks in front of me. I think to myself is the same thing that happened to me happening to Kayla? Is she having the same struggles as I did or are they worse? I need to find her before anything worse happens to her and Mason. 	We finally get to civilization after hours of walking, people keep looking at me strangely. Can they tell that I am different? Maybe they are just looking at Michael. 	'Why are they staring at me? I say to Michael. 	'Probably because you look like you have not showed in a month. Michael says. 	'I showered last week  I say. I must look really bad because everyone keeps shooting me dirty looks. The city looks different then I remember it. Maybe I have been gone a long time. It looks a lot nicer here and more wealthy than it did before.	'Where are we? I say to Michael as we walk down the street. 	'Scranton, Pennsylvania. He says. 	'Oh so after we were taken they brought us into a different state? I say. 	'Yes, so that no one can find you. He says. After about an hour or more of walking we go onto a street, where there are finally some houses. I think this must be where he lives. He finally turns into one of the driveways of the houses. We walk up the steep driveway to a huge house. I’ve never seen a house this nice before. He rings on the door bell. An older looking lady answers the door, I am guessing it’s his mom because she gives him a hug with a huge smile across her face. How’s work with Alex been? She says. Good, Alex gave me some time off and I invited Alex’s cousin Damon to stay with us until he can find a hotel or something. Michael saysa. I am guessing he lied to his mom about volunteering at the Augustine lab. No, no he can stay here with us for as long as he needs! She says. I am Linda. She says to me with an outstretched hand. I am Damon. I say. I shake her hand and try to smile. You can stay in the basement for as long as you need. She says. Thanks mom I’ll go show him around. Michael says like he’s trying to make her be quiet. He leads me to the basement where I’ll be staying. One we walk down the stairs it’s like a whole other house is down here. Once he shuts the door I know it’s okay to talk. Why did you lie to her about where you were working at? I say. I am not supposed to tell anyone, including family so I didn’t. I made up a fake friend and said that I was going to work with him for a month. Michael says. How are we going to get in contact with the Agustine? I say. I don’t know yet. He says with a huff. He acts irritated and stressed. You better figure it out before your mom figures out what you have actually been doing for the past month. I say trying to sound threatening and I think it works. He gives me a worried look. Don’t try to secretly contact the Augustine that you have me because I will not hesitate to take my anger out on your mom up there. I say.'Fine. He says. Just let me go up real quick and get on my computer. You can shower and sleep down here, and there’s a fridge in the other room. He points down the hall. It’s like I have me own private house in his house. After he leaves, I go and take a shower, I do look disgusting my hair is greasy and it like looks like my skin is a shade darker than it actually is because I am covered in dirt. My hair is longer than I realized. Right when I get out out of my shower I lay down on the couch and I fall asleep right when my head hits the pillow. Kayla POV Someone finally comes to get us. We walk down a big hallways, that has a lot of lights. Mason and I probably say for an hour without talking. It’s like I am not even with anyone. My arms are behind my back tired together with something that burns. This time Susan didn’t come to get us, a man did he looks about thirty or so, he has black hair that’s really short and glasses. Where are we going? I say.    You’ll find out soon enough. he says. We get to a door he puts his hand on a scanner beside the door to open it. Everything here is different than the other lab. It has more technology and security.'Why is this lab so nicer than the other one? I say. You have a lot of questions don’t you. He says. The other  lab is for stage one and stage two, so that when you get out of the stage one phase it would look more to date with your dreams. He says. Okay Kayla your first. He says. What do you mean? I say. Walk in, Mason and I will wait for you out here. He take the chains off of my hands. What’s your name? I say. Alex. He says. Hurry up and go. He sounds annoyed, but I don’t care I like to know people's names. It’s weird, but everyday it seems like I forgot something about my dreams. I feel like I have barely any memories of anything at all. I walk into the room, it’s big and it looks like everything is made of metal, the door shuts behind me. There’s a bunch of operating tables everywhere. There are also a bunch of scientists. Come take a seat Kayla. A lady says. I go over and take a seat on one of the tables. 	'What are you going to do to me? I say. 	'Just running some test, we’re still wondering how your body was able to transform even after several day without completing the transition. She says. She sticks a needle in my arm and draws blood. When she does I notice that her eyes are dark, they look almost black. Maybe she’s had some experiments done on her too. Her name tag says Brenda. 	I look around to see if there is anything that I could possibly do to maybe escape, but every door has to have be opened with a hand scanner. 	'You are free to go. Says Brenda. 	'You’re just letting me walk out alone? With no security or anything? I say. 	'Trust me you're not getting out of here. She says. I walk out towards the door where a man standing beside it places his hand on the scanner for me to leave. When I walk out Mason walks in, he gives me a nervous look. I smile back to try and let him know that nothing bad is going to happen to him. Alex puts the chains back around my hands. I sit across from him. 	'What’s stage three? I say. 	'I don’t have clearance to tell you that. Alex says. 	'Then who does? I say.	'You can ask Susan. He says. I don’t reply. I want to know what’s going to happen to Mason and I. It must be terrible if he doesn’t even have clearance to tell me. After a couple of minutes Mason gets escorted out of the room by two guards that I didn’t even know were in there?	'What did he do? Alex says. 	'Tried to stab a doctor. One of the guards reply. 	'They’re not doctors! he yells as they drag him down the hallway. 	'What are they going to do to him? I say to Alex. He doesn’t reply he just gives me a blank stare. 	'Come on let's get you back to your cell. He says. 	'No. I say. Not until you get Mason back here. 	'Who do you think you are? He says to me. He gives me a disgusted look. You don’t tell me what to do. He grabs the chains wrapped around my hands and makes them tighter, he leads me all the way to my cell and leaves the chains on and shuts and locks the door.I sit down with my back against the wall. I hope Damon doesn’t come here, I think this place is definitely worse than the last. I want to leave this place, but where would I go? I don’t have a home, Mason doesn’t have a home and neither does Damon. Where would any of us go? There’s no one to help us. I just wish things were different. I don’t wanna be here. I try to go to sleep but my wrists are burning from the chains. Damon POVI wake up to Michael shaking me. 	'Get up I think I found where they are. He says. I lean up from off the couch. 	'How long have I been asleep for? I say. 	'Almost a day. He says. 	'Why didn’t you wake me up sonner? I say. 	'I didn’t really realize since I've been working the whole time. He says like he’s mad. what did you find out? I say. Well, they have another lab and I think they’re taking them there or took them there. He says. Because it’s been under reconstruction for a couple of months, but they finish two weeks ago. Perfect, lets go. I say as I get up off of the couch. We have to be careful about this Damon. He says. Why do you care? I say. I didn’t think you were coming with me. Don’t you think it will be better if I bring you there acting like I am turning you in? He says. I think about it for a moment, there has to be something else he has planned, but I think it’s my only option to let him help me. Okay. I say. You can come. We should leave tonight it’s going to a long trip. He says. We’re going to need to pack some supplies. Chapter 14Kayla POVIt feels like it’s been forever since I got put into this cell. They still have not brought Mason back, and I am starting to worry if they ever will. My hands are still chained behind me back, my hands feel sticky, so I know I must be bleeding. I feel starving and lonely. What if no one ever comes for me? Damon and Mason are the only two people who even know I am here or even know who I am. I wish this could all be over, but what do I have to look forward to in the real world? I don’t know how to do anything or even who I am. I hear the door slid open, Mason is finally back. He’s being escorted by a huge guard to our cell. He opens the door and throws Mason in. Mason falls and hits the ground really hard. I watch the guard as he goes out of the room. Are you okay? I say to Mason. He doesn’t reply, he just lays on the ground motionless, but I can hear him breathing. What did they do to him? I crawl towards him while on my knees. I feel like if I stand i’ll be too weak to keep myself from falling. I sit down beside him and nudge him with my foot. Mason. I say. Mason, are you okay? His eyes open and sits up. He rubs his head. How did I get in here? He says. A guard brought you, do you remember what they did to you? I say.  Yes, I remember everything that happened to me. He jumps up and tries to pull on the bars again. What do you mean? I say confusedly. They did some bad things to me and if we don’t get out of here soon they can do it again to me or to you. He says. Well can you help me out of these chain at least. I say. He glances at me and walks towards me. This might hurt. He says. He pulls them and for a second my arms go numb with pain and loss of blood. I feel them break off and already feel better. Thanks. I say. He sits down beside me on the floor of the cell. Sorry I was so mean and rude to you. He says. It’s okay. I reply. No it’s not I should have been nice to you because of your condition. he says. What is that supposed to mean? I say. Because you lost your memory and don’t really remember anything about me. It was easier for me to just be rude to you, but now it seems like we are going to be together for a while. he says. Well, I would have appreciated it if you could’ve at least tried to be nice. I say.'I am sorry. He says. I am going to change I promise.'We sit in silence, I don’t know if I believe that he is going to change, I hope he will but it’s not up to me. I look at my wrists and they’re already healed like nothing even happened to them. I feel starving and exhausted since I can’t eat anything, I fall asleep. When I wake up I feel even worse, like I can’t move or even breathe. Mason. I say. My voice sounds choked and horse, I try to open my eyes, but the lights are blinding. Mason? He crotches beside me. What’s wrong? He says. I don’t know, I think I am starving. I say.  Try to sit up. Mason says. Helps me sit up with my back against the wall. He gives me a strange look. I look at my hand in the light, it looks like it’s gray and all of the blood has been drained from it. What’s wrong with me? I say. I don’t know. He says. I think you’re starving. For some reason I feel like he’s lying to me, how could I start starving to death so quickly? I think about telling him I know that he’s lying, but I I am too exhausted to fight with him.'Why did you kill all of those people at the lab? I say. There’s a long moment of silence before he speaks. Because I wanted to get you back He says. For Damon. Oh? I say. I didn’t know you two were that close. Well, even though I was never nice to you Kayla I never stopped caring about you. He says. And I never forgot about what we once were. What were we? I say reluctantly. Part of me wants to know, but the other part doesn’t because I feel like I am going behind Damon’s back. We dated for a while and then Damon came into our lives. He says annoyed. And then I messed up at some point, and you fell for Damon. Oh. I say. I don’t know what to say back to him. I am sorry. Don’t be, so much has changed since then, maybe you’ll remember it all one day. He says. Do you really think so? I say. He waits a while to respond. Yes, I’ll find a way for you to remember. How? I say. Is that even possible? It has to be. He says. I mean how is it possible that they could erase your memory in the first place, or turn us into monsters. There has to be a way. I smile. This is the first time I’ve had hope in a while and It feels good. Maybe I was wrong about Mason, maybe he’s actually a good friend and person. How are you? He says. I look at him confusedly. Since you killed Doctor Agustine. I remember you were pretty worked up about it before. Oh. I say. I don’t know what to say to him. I haven’t felt like talking about what I did to anyone yet. I think about what I did every day, how it all happened so fast. I say. It’s not your fault. If you hadn’t of killed him he would have killed you. He says. I guess that’s one way to think about it, but I am just going to have to live with what I did for the rest of my life, there’s no way I can change it. I say. This might be bad timing, but I feel like I need to tell you this Kayla. Mason says. He has a worried look on his face. Okay, what is it? I say. When Samantha and I got shot, you got shot too. He says. No I didn’t, I didn’t have a wound or anything, I woke up here. I say. I woke up on the way to the lab Kayla and you were there with me, but you were dead. He says dead quieter than any other word he’s said all night. That’s not possible. I say. If I were dead I would be dead right now Mason. The same thing happened to Damon and Iand the same thing happened to you, that’s why we’re monsters. Mason say. Is that why I am so sick? I say. I look at my hand again, the grey is spreading up my arm. You’re sick because your starving. Mason says. That doesn’t make any since Mason, I’ve been hungry before and my skin has never turned grey! I yell, but immediately after I regret it. My throat feels sore now and like I can barely breathe. You’re not hungry for food Kayla. He says. Then what am I hungry for? I say. You’re making no sense at all Mason! You’re hungry for blood Kayla! That’s why you skin is turning grey and that’s why we’re monsters! He yells at me. I am speechless I don’t know what to say, I feel sick to my stomach after hearing what he said to me. Blood? How can it be possible. How can any of this be possible? I feel my eyes shutting, I can’t take this anymore. Kayla? I hear Mason say. But It’s too late My head hits the ground and I pass out.Damon POV	Michael and I have been on the rode for almost two days, we have been taking turns driving, but I forgot how tired driving makes me and how much I hate it. They’re at a lab in Oakland, California so it’s going to take us forever to get there. How much longer until we get there? I say.'Couple more days probably. Michael says. I try to fall asleep, but I can’t all I can think about is what Kayla is going through. I am still not clear on why she did what she did do for me. I didn’t think we would ever get back to the way we were, I thought we were about to, but then she left. I thought that Mason would probably get her before I would. I feel jealous of him for being locked away with her and I am fearful that since Samantha is dead he might try to win Kayla back. 	'What’s going to happen when we get there? I say. I mean how are we going to fool the guards and scientist? 	'I’ll pretend like I caught you and am turning you in. He says. How do you know they will believe you. I say. They’ll believe it because you’ll pretend like you're weak and hurt. He says. Then I’ll just what? I say. Get thrown in a cell with her to be experimented on? No, once we get inside you’ll attack them. You do know what you can do? Right? he says. Yes. I say. I lied I don’t really know what I can do. I guess i’ll have to find out, I remember what Mason did at the other lab. I don’t know if I am prepared to kill that many people yet, but if I have to to save Kayla then I will. Why are you really helping me? I say to Michael. I don’t know, I think I realized that what they were doing at the lab was wrong. He says. But you never tired to stop them before. I say. I’ve always been interested in science, but I didn’t know this was the type of internship I was getting into. He says. I decided to help you because you never know what might happen one day, so I would want someone to help me If I were you. Well, thanks then. I say. Maybe Michael’s not the person I thought he was, he could actually be a good guy and not like all of the other scientist, or he could just be young and dumb enough to help me. So what start are we in now? I say. Iowa. he says. You should probably try to go to sleep before it’s your turn to drive again. I try to get comfortable in my sleep and I think about how happy I am going to be when I get to see Kayla again, we could go anywhere we want to. But I am not in the car anymore I am walking down a huge hallway with glass walls and ceilings. Where am I? I look behind me, but Michael isn’t here, there’s dozens of dead bodies, who did this? Someone is still alive I hear them trying to crawl away. I run towards them. It’s a man, he is wearing a guards uniform.'Are you okay? I say to the man.'Get away from me! He says. Please don’t hurt me! He’s crying now. I realize how he is covered in blood. He’s still trying to crawl away from me and crying. Sir I can help you! I say. I reach out my hand to help him up, but I notice that It’s covered in blood. I get up and walk towards a spot of glass that’s clean. I look at my whole body in the glass and I am drenched with blood. I get closer and I can see that my face Is transformed into a monster and I have two pointy teeth that weren't there before. What am I? My face looks evil in the glass I’ve never felt like this before in my whole life. I feel someone shaking me, I open my eyes and it’s daylight, I look at Michael who is shaking me, He gives me a weird look probably because I am breathing so heavily. Ready to drive? He says. I nod. Kayla POV	I wake up to Mason pouring something in my mouth. It has to be blood. 	'What are you doing? I say. I don’t want that! 	'You have to drink it. Mason says. Or you’ll die. Look at how much better it’s made you already. I look at my hand, it’s not grey anymore, but I still feel tired and like my whole body is hurting. 	'See it worked. He says. 	'Apparently not good enough. I say. 	'They are trying to keep us weak so that we won’t be able to fight back when they do more experiments on us. He says. I notice how he’s holding the two tiny empty contains of blood in his hand. 	'Did Susan tell you that? I say. 	'Yes, she did when she gave me these. Mason says, he openes up his hands so that I can see them better. 	'What else do you think they are going to do to us? I say. 	'I have no idea. Mason says. But Susan told me that she only gave us something to drink, so that we will at least be strong enough for our experiments today. 	About an hour passes by until I hear the door open I get up and see Susan and about five guards walk in the room, all with guns in their holsters. 	'Ready to go? Susan say. Don’t try anything today. One guards walks towards the cell and open it, the other four stand with their guns ready to shoot us incase we try to hurt anymore or escape again. 	'You first. The guard opening the door says to me. He has a very deep and intimidating voice. I walk towards him, he wrapps the chains around my wrists and puts a lock on it. Once he’s done Susan grabs me by the arm and pulls me closer to the door. The guard then wraps Mason’s wrists in the chains too. We walk out of the room and down the hallways with Susan in front a guard behind us and two guards on each side of us. I feel anxious, I don’t know what they’re going to do to me today. 	Out of nowhere Mason collapses onto the ground behind me.  We all stop walking he's probably just come up with another plan to try to escape, but he looks like he's actually in pain. 	'What’s wrong with you. Susan says irritatedly. Didn’t you just drink your breakfast. No. Mason says. I gave it to Kayla because she was too weak. He says. You did what? I say. I gave her mine, so that she wouldn’t starve. Mason says. Susans huffs and rubs her head annoyed. Take him back to his cell and give him his normal portion of blood. We will just have to experiment on the girl today. She says. Susans give me a weird glance I can’t tell what it means. 	One guard grabs Mason off of the ground and nearly drags him back down the hallway. Another guard take his spot behind and pushes me so that I keep walking. 	We finally get to the end of the hallway and go into the same room as before, where they took our blood. I still wonder about what they needed it for. 	'Take a seat. Susan says. As she points towards one of the operating tables. Here are about ten scientists in the room some of them look familiar, but the others don’t. The guards that escorte dme here are now all standing at the door completely still, like they are ready for anything to happen. 	'There were complications with the other patient. Susan says to another scientist. We will bring him tomorrow. 	A girl scientist pushes a tray cart like thing towards me with a bunch of sharp objects on it. Lay down. She says. She sounds harsh and mean, she has very light blonde hair and her eyebrows are barely visible. I lay down and she ties my legs to the table. She also tires my arms down to the table even though my wrists are still tied with chains. 	I am still wearing my hospital type gown they put me in when I was unconscious. I haven’t seen myself in what feels like forever. I must look awful, I feel disgusting. 	'I’ll be back in an hour to collect her. Susan says to the scientist closest to me, he nods in response. 	'What are you going to do to me? I say. I am worried I don’t want to be put back into the dream world again, what happened in there last will never leave my brain. It still terrifies me to even think about it. 	'Just see what you body can tolerate. he says. 	'What does that mean? I say, but no one answers me. Everyone is talking to each other quietly like it’s urgent. Maybe it’s a good thing I am here alone it’s better that I am only here and Mason or Damon don’t have to deal with this. I can make it through this, I know I can. I have to because I will leave this place, I will see the real world again and have a normal life, that’s all I want. 	Finally three scientist walk over towards me and look at eachother.	'What do you want to start with first? One says to another. I can’t tell them apart from this angle. 	'Hand me the thin blade first. He says. They pass it across me. Thin blade? What are they going to do to me? 	The doctor that now has the blade cuts into my arm in a straight line. I scream. What are you doing to me! But the pain stops and no one answers me. See how the body just healed itself. He says to the other scientists watching, I think they are all crowding around me now. 	'Hand me the thick blade. I hear the scientist says. I close my eyes and try to block out everything he is saying. I close my eyes as hard as I can so that maybe I won’t hurt as bad, but It doesn’t work. He cuts into my arm and I scream in pain louder this time. 	'Please stop! I scream. I start yanking on the chains and straps holding me down. 	'Hurry! I hear one scientist says. Inject her fast, before she gets lose! I feel someone put a needle in my arm and everything starts to go fuzzy. 	'Now where were we? I hear the scientist say as everything goes black. Chapter 15Damon POVIt had been days since the dream I had, but I can not stop thinking about it. What did it mean? Was it a warning for me not to do something? Was it foreshadowing what I am going to have to do when I go to get Kayla and Mason? I will get random flashes of the dream randomly throughout the day. I think I am starting to go crazy. I don’t know if I am prepared at all to kill that many people or anyone. I could just be over thinking it through. What would Kayla think of me if she found out what I had done to get her out? Will I even be able to live with myself and the choice I made afterwards? I pull over in a gas station and shake Michael. Get up it’s your turn to drive. I say. I get out and pump the gas. Michael stagers out of the passenger seat and walks over towards the driver side of the card. What state are we in? he says. Utah. I say. Do you have credit card? No, but I borrowed one from my mom. He says. Oh like you borrowed this cat from her. I say sarcastically. I am pretty sure we have been driving in a stolen car that MIchael stole from his mom. 	'Shut up. He says as he hands me the card. 	Once we’re on the road again I decided to ask him the question I have been debating on asking ever since I had the dream. 	'What can I do? I say. 	'Huh? Michael says dumbly. He rubs his eyes like he is still half asleep even though he is pulling onto the highway. 	'When you asked me If I knew what I were and I said yes. I say. How do I do what Mason did at the other lab. 	'I don’t know exactly, you are the one that is a vampire. MIchael says. I laugh. 	'What did you just call me? I say. 	'You are a vampire. Michael says. I laugh again. 	'That’s impossible, vampires don’t actually exist. I say. 	'Then that is probably why the Agustine created you all in the first place. 	'Look I get that I am a monster, but don’t call me vampire, it so unrealistic. I say. 	'Alright. He says. But If you are not a Vampire then why have you been drinking blood this whole trip. Monsters can drink blood too. I say. I only drink this so that I can stay alive. Whatever you tell yourself Damon. Michael says. I laugh. It feels good to laugh. I have not done it in such a long time. I like it better when Michael drives because it gives me more time to think about everything that’s going on. When Michael and I get Kayla and Mason out where are we going to go? We can go back to Scranton, the first place they will look is at Michaels mom’s house. 	'What are we going to do after we get Kayla and Mason out of the Agustine lab? I say. 	'I bought us all plane tickets and fake Ids. He says. 	'When did you have time to do that? I say. 	'I think you are forgetting about the whole day you were asleep on my mom’s basement couch Damon. he says.	'Oh yeah, but how did you figure out how to get us all fake Ids? I say. 	'I think you are also forgetting that I was a scientist. He says. 	'Yeah and intern for two weeks. I say. 	He laughs, That’s true. He says. 	'Where are the plane tickets for? I say. 	'Paris. He says. They will not be able to find us there hopefully. 	'Yeah hopefully. I say. We will probably get to the lab by tonight, so I need to get some sleep, if I do have to take down every guard there I don’t want to be tired and weak. Kayla POV	I wake up on the cell floor, my whole head hurts. My skin feels weird. I sit up and there is dried up blood all over my arms and legs. My hospital gown is also stained with blood. There’s a small container type thing beside of my I am guessing it’s my portion of blood for the day. I guzzle it down hoping that It will make my head feel less heavy. I don’t see Mason anywhere they must have already taken him in to do what they did to me yesterday or today I do not know what day it is or what time it is. That’s probably one of the things I hate most about this place beside being tortured and experimented on, not knowing where you are or even what day of the week it is. Maybe Mason knows I could always ask him whenever he gets back If he is up for talking. I hope they did not make him stay awake for it all. I was awake for some, but I am glad they made me fall asleep. I don’t know how much of that I would have been able to take. I wonder if Damon will ever come for me. He could be here already but I just do not know. Maybe he did already come, but they captured him. They could have taken us away somewhere where he can not find us, like another country or we could be underground somewhere, but I know that Damon would not give up on me or on Mason. He will find us and save our lives, I can not wait until he does. I miss him so much.  I am scared for what might happen, If we get rescued, this place is more secure than the other we could get hurt, or killed. But even death would be better than this place. All I know is  is that I want to leave this place forever and never come back. I wish I could just leave now, but I know I can’t. When I do leave and It’s safe for us to be out in public I want to meet my family more than anything and I also want to meet Damo’s. I wonder if my family will be happy to see me and will want to remind me of every memory we had together, the good and the bad. I want to remember everything and I never want to forget again. The doors finally open again and I see Mason being dragged in by two guards, he has to be unconscious, which seems like a good thing, because maybe he wasn’t awake for all of the torture. The guards open the doors and toss him in. I crawl towards him. Mason! I says. Wake up. I shake him. I see his eyes open barely and then he jolts awake and is sitting up. 	'Are you okay?'I say. I don’t know how long you were gone for. 	'Yes, I am fine, they knocked me out for most of it. He says. It felt like you were gone for days, but it was probably only for hours. I couldn’t wake you up because they got me right when they brought you. He says. 	'It is okay. I say. I Understand. I feel exhausted I Go over to the corner of the cell and lay down with my back against the wall, I fall asleep. 	When I wake up again someone is grabbing me, it’s a guard I look up and Mason is already standing outside of the cell with his hands chained. The guard drags me to feet outside of my cell. 	'Drink this. the guard says. It’s my portion of blood for the day. I drink it as fast as I can. He chains My hands up and we start walking towards the same room and down the same hallway. I wonder how big this place actually is. I look at the guards beside me, they all look different, but the same maybe because they all have o the same uniform and have the same stern face, but different in some way. I stopped caring about what people's names were when I became so exhausted and hungry. All I can think about is how hungry I am and how much I want to eat, I’m not even thinking about Damon anymore. I just want to eat something. 	We get into the room and they do the same thing that they did to me yesterday or whenever it happened. I get strapped down onto the operating table and just wait for the scientists so come over. Mason is across the room from me it looks like scientists are already walking over towards him. I try to put on the straps holding me down, but they won’t budge. The scientist walk towards me so I start thrashing around screaming as loud as I can. I don’t want to be awake for this. It hurts too much. I don’t want to remember all of the terrible things they do to me, and I don’t care if it makes me a coward, I can’t go through this. Kayla are you okay! I hear Mason yell, but I just keep screaming until I feel the needle go in my neck and everything goes black. I wake up again lying on the cell floor, my head throbbing. I lean up and see the blood beside me. I drink it as fast as I can. 	'Kayla! Mason says excitedly. Are you okay? 	'Well if you call being tortured everyday okay then yeah I’m doing amazing. I say. How are you? 	'I’m fine, but you scared me when you started screaming uncontrollably. He says. What happened? I hesitate to answer this question, it feels wrong for me to fake my way out of it, while he had to go through it all. So I just don’t respond I do not know what to tell him. 	'It’s okay. He says. You do not have to explain yourself to me. 	'Thank you. I say. But really I am sorry that I left you to go through that all alone. 	'I understand. He says. We sit in silence I don’t want to talk anymore. I just want more to eat and I want to see Damon I miss him more than I thought I would, I just wish he was here to have some sarcastic response to everything any of the guards or scientists said to us, and to anything Mason says. 	I wish he was here right now, but there’s nothing I can do about it. I walk over to me corner and put my head in my knees and cry silently so that no one can hear me. I’m tired of all of this pain and sadness. And being scared all of the time, I just want this all to be over forever. I want to leave this place and never see it again or even hear the name of it again. Everytime I hear the name it reminds me of the man I killed. The thing I will regret for the rest of my life. Damon POV	We are finally in California, Only about thirty five more minutes until we get there. I'm ready to get out of this car, but at the same time I'm terrified to leave it. What if I have to kill someone, What if I don’t kill someone and then they kill someone I care about. I put my head in my hands. 	'Are you okay? Michael says to me. 	'Tell me what to do. I say. 	'What? he says confusedly. 	'What do I need to do when we get there. I say. Tell me what to do because I can't make the decision on my own. 	'Look you just need to be as quickly as possible, once I get you in there, we need to get out right when we get your friends and be on our way to the airport. He says. 	'But what If someone gets in our way? I say. 	'You’ll have to kill him Damon, you can’t just not kill anyone, most of them are not good people, all of them are a part of torturing tons of innocent people and ruining lives all of the time. Okay. I say. I’m ready. I take my head out of my hands and wipe my sweaty hands on my pants. I can and I will do this for Kayla and For Mason. I am not going to let my friends lives be ruined because I am to afraid to hurt the ones responsible for all of this pain and suffering. It’s been about twenty five minutes since we last spoke, I know we have to be close. 	'We are almost here, so remember that you are weak and sickly. He says. 	'How to I pretend to be like that? I say. What if they see that I am faking? 	'They are not going to realize, just walk slow and act tired. He says. Grab those chains out of my bag behind you and tie your hands up. I grab the bag and do what he says. 	'Do these look like how they tie there’s? I say. 	'Does Kayla know how much of a worrier you are? He says with a laugh.'they are not going to be paying attention to how you chains are tied. 	'Shut up. I say. We pull into the parking lot and park near the front of the building. This place isn’t secluded like the other lab was in the middle of the woods, this one looks like it’s in the middle of a town. 	'I’m going to go around to your door and get you, so do not get out yet. We have to start making this believable now. Michael says. Michael does exactly what he says and walks over to my door and opens it for me, he pull me on the chains behind him. I try to walks low like I’m weak and tired, like he said to.	'Hurry up! Michael yells at me. As he drags me into the front of the building. Immediately guards run towards us with their guns up and ready. 	'Who are you two? One says. 	'I work for the lab in Scranton Pennsylvania, I caught one of the runaways. He’s alive and living through stage two. Michal says the the guard.	'Please don’t make me come back hear. I say trying to make my voice sound choked and strained for being so hungry and weak. 	'Shut up!  guard yells at me. 	'We can take him from here, I’ll walk you to Mr. Augustine's office and you can stalk to him about your role here. The Guard says to Michael. 	'Okay, sounds good. Michael says. The two Guards drag me away, once we are out of site from anyone else I know I am going to have to kill them both. 	They’re backs our both turned to me, so I know this is going to be my only chance to do it. I remember Mason telling me that I have strength like no other person. 	I jank my chain toward me that one guard is holding and when he falls to the ground in front of me I snap his neck. The other guard is pulling his gun out, so I grab his wrist and move it to where It is not pointing at me. Where are you keeping your prisoners? I say. He doesn’t respond so I slam his head into the wall. Where are they! I yell. Bottom floor. he barely says because my hand is around his throat, I slam him again into the wall until I know he is dead. I run down the hallways to try and find a stairwell sign or anything. I Must turn about a thousand times, before I see it. I sprint towards it and down the stairs. I swing upon a down and see a bunch of cells I run and then I see her. Chapter 16 Kayla POV I hear someone open the door and I immediately start having anxiety. Are they going to take me away to be tortured some more? I do not know If I can can fake having another panic attack again. 	'Kayla! I hear someone yell. Mason! I stand up and see Damon sprinting towards the cell. I run towards Mason and start shaking him until his eyes open. Mason! They are here save us! I say. We get to leave! While Mason gets up I run to see Damon. 	'You need a key! I yell. He runs towards a brown desk in the corner. He runs back towards our cell with five different key. 	'Hurry Damon! I say. 	 I am! He says back. He tries the first ket and it does not work, He tried the second and it does not ft. He tries the third and it is the right one. Damon swings the door open, but Mason is still struggling to get to his feet. 	'Can you walk? Damon says to me. 	'Yes, I’m fine. I say. I start towards the staircase, while Damon is helping Mason walk, I sprint up the stairs with them right behind me. 	'What floor? I shout. 	'Top floor. Damon says. 	'There must be about ten flights of stairs I run up. We finally get out of the stairwell. Which way? I say. You can either go right left or straight this place is huge. Here follow me. Damon says. He runs in front of me and turns left. He makes so many turns I can not keep track I just keep following close behind him. We pass Two dead guards while we are running. Did Damon do that? Or did he have help from someone else? I hear guards running behind us. 	'Damon! I yell. Guards! 	'It is not going to be that much longer! He says. There are so many turns I can not see the guards yet , but I can hear them running and yelling. I see the exit doors and we sprint towards them Damon Is running towards a car and I turn my head around to see if anyone Is behind us. I look at I see Guards with their guns ready to shoot I turn back around and sprint, but I hear gunshots and everything goes black. Damon POV'No! I scream. Michael help! I see him sitting in the car I run and grab Kayla, a bullet hits me in the arms, but I keep going I throw Kayla in the backseat and jump in after her. Michael got Mason into the front seat with him. I Pick up Kayla and try to stop her head from bleeding. Michael Is driving faster than I have ever seen anyone drive before. It’s been about thirty minutes and no one has came after us. I am still carrying Kayla’s body while in the car, at least we finally are out of that terrible lab, she is still unconscious from where she got shot in the head, but  Michael says that she will be okay and heal, but It will just take longer since It is a head wound. 	'You need to change your clothes, before we get to the airport. There are clothes in the back for you and Mason. I grab a shirt and sime clean jeans out of the bag to wear. I am glad to get out of these bloody clothes and into something clean. 	'What about Kayla? I say. She is in a hospital gown. 	'Once we get to the Airport she will be awake and can have the car to herself to change.   Michael says. 	I lay my head on the car window, maybe this is all finally coming to an end. We can go to paris and have semi normal lives togethers. Maybe the Agustine won’t come after us, maybe they already have more experiments going on. This could be our fresh start, I am more than excited I am thrilled. I want so badly to just leave this all behind and find a home. I doze off, but wake up when I feel Kayla start moving. She sits up while holding her head. 	'What happened? She says. 	'We got out. I say. We are on our way to the airport. 	'Did I fall of my head of something? She says. I laugh no, you got shot. 	'Where is Mason? She says. 	'He’s right here. Michael says. Kayla turns around and sees Mason sleeping. 	'Michael? she says confusedly and looks at me. How do you know him? 	'He helped me find where you and Mason had been taken after I captured him, but now he is on our side. I say. We can trust him. for the rest of the car ride we all sit in silence. I think all of us are exhausted. I fall asleep. Kayla POV	I’m finally out of that terrible place, I already feel so relieved. I am still starving and all I can think about is getting something to eat. I realize that I have never been on a plane before. I am kind of scared about what it might be like, I have never even thought about flying. They did not even exist in the fake reality I was in.  	We get to the airport and park in the furthest parking spot away, but it is still crowded. It’s already dark outside. 	'What time is it? I say to Damon. 	'It is about ten thirty. He says. 	'What day is it? I say. From how I have been keeping track, it’s probably friday. 	'Monday. He says. I was only a little off, it was almost impossible to keep track of the days, since I kept passing out, so much. Everyone gets out of the car. 	'You can stay in the car and change, there’s a bag with clothes in it. Michael says. 	I realize that I’m still wearing the gross hospital gown. My head feels nasty, and my hair has blood all in it. I get dressed and get out of the car. Do I need to get this blood out of my hair before we go in? I say.'Where. Michael says.  He hands me the hat he had on his head. When he takes it off it shows his shaved head. I Did not know how big his glasses were until now. Thanks. I say. I put it on, but I can still feel how gross my hair feels on my head. I can’t believe I did not die after getting shot in the head. I guess it is a extraordinary thing that I did not die. We walk to the doors of the airport, it feels like we are so far away from it. 	I walk beside of Damon and Mason and Michael are in front of us. I never pictured any of this ever happening. How is it possible that we are working with someone who once participated in  experimenting on us? I still don’t trust him I just started trusting Mason, but he probably was only kind to me because he thought we were never going to get out of the lab. I wonder if I can even trust him? I saw what he did to those people in the lab, I wonder if he did not think anything about it or if he regrets it. 	Part of me hopes that he doesn’t feel the guilt that I do everyday about the man I killed, but the other part of me hopes that he feels remorse, but I don’t want him to hate himself. I guess there’s no inbetween it is either going to be one or the other. I’ll help him through either. 	We finally get to the doors and I feel nervous. I have never ridden on a plane before, but hearing Mason and Michael arguing helps me feel better. 	'Come on come stand in line with me. Michael says. So we all get in line behind him. He hands us all our passports and plane tickets. I look at my passport and it says that my name is Mia henderson. I’m guessing he chose Mia because that is the fake name I told him when I snuck into the lab. I laugh a little. He has a picture of me that I have never seen before. I have never even seen myself smile that big before. The girl in the picture almost doesn’t look like me. 	'What’s your name? I say to Damon. 	'I’m Neels flenderson. He says. What type of a name is this? He turns around and says to Michael. It is a good thing that no one around us is listening because then people would know we had fake passports. 	'Really my name has to be Arthur brown. Mason says. At least it is not Neels flenderson. Damon says. I laugh but Mason seems actually made about his name which is the funny part. We each get our passports and tickets checked. We have to run to the other side of the airport since we got there so late. Since we had been running my anxiety could not kick in yet, but when I Finally get on the plane my anxiety kicks in. luckily I got a seat beside of Damon, but Michael and Mason are sitting in front of already arguing about who knows what. 	'Have you ever rode on a plane before? I say. 	'No, have you? He says. 	'Not that I know of. I say. In my dream world there were no ways of transportation I just walked everywhere. 	'I think you're forgetting that I was in that dream too. I remember how mad it would make me that I had to walk everywhere. He says. With a lugh. 	'I’m really nervous. I say. 	'It will be okay. He says. Everyone is usually scared their first time flying. So if you scream or pee your pants I’m sure everyone will understand. 	'That’s not funny! I say. I think about asking him about the people he killed and if he feels bad about it, but I don’t want anyone to hear us. I have the window seat and Damon is beside me, there is one random stranger women sitting beside of Damon she looks about thirty. 	'Where are we going? I say. 	'Paris. He says. 	'Where is that at? I say. He laughs a little. 	'You might not want to say that too loud because I think every person in the world knows where Paris is, but it is in London. He says. I feel ignorant that I didn’t know where it was, but I guess it’s not my fault since I don’t even know what state I am in now. I think about asking him where we are now, but I do not want know where I was tortured so badly at. 		'Do you think we will ever come back here? I say. So that maybe I could meet my family? Damon makes a weird face. He’s not telling me something. 	'What is it? I say. He’s reluctant to speaks. 	'Look Kayla you just need to trust me on this. You do not want to meet them. he says. 	'What do you mean Damon? I say. 	'You just need to trust me. He says. 	'No. I say. Tell me, I deserve to know the truth, I need to know. 	'Your family. He hesitates. Is why we all got put into the agustine experiments. They are the reason and cause for all of this. I feel hopeless. That can not be true why would my own family do that to me? 	'Why? I say. 	'The why was never really clear to me, Kayla. He says. 	'Why are you just now telling me this? I say. 	'I was going to tell you, but there has never a right time to. He says. I don’t want to talk to him anymore I turn my head to the left and look out of the window. We take off and I do not feel any anxiety all I feel is sadness. I have no hope of ever actually finding my family and I don’t think I ever will. I thought that leaving the Agustine lab would give me a fresh start and that I would feel new and full again, but all I want is to find out things about my past and my old life. The longer we fly away for the more and more I feel distant from all of the answers that I need. I can not just leave everything behind, maybe I can find things out from Michael whenever we get to Paris in london or whatever. I just wish everything could be over with. I just wish that I could be happy for once and not feel so empty and alone, but I guess this is just how my life is going to be.Chapter 17Damon POVSomething hits the plane, and since I didn’t have my seat belt on my head flies and hits the seat in front of me, so did Kayla. She was asleep I guess she’s not anymore. The fasten your seatbelt sign comes on. Are you okay? I say to Kayla. She is rubbing her head. She nods in response. I don’t think that she realises our bodies heal, so she is not actually hurt. I buckle my seatbelt and it feels like something hits the plame again, I hear people scream. I feel the plan dropping like we are falling out of the sky what’s happening? I look at Kayla she looks terrified I just now realize I don’t have the airbag on that everyone else does. I thought I wouldn’t need it, but can we survive a plane crash? I feel wind hitting me the back of the plane is gone. It feels like hours until we finally hit something, water. There’s noise everywhere and people screaming I don’t know what to do. Michael and Mason are already standing up and walking out of their seats. I look at Kayla whos already standing. 	'Damon? She says. Damon! We need to get out of here. I stand up and follow behind Kayla. 	'Go help people out of there seats. Mason says to us. He runs over to the only exit to see if he can open it, but his running is slowed down by all of the water that’s already inside of the plane. I see Kayla and Michael going to seats and helping people. I go over to a lady and help her out of her seat. I hear someone scream. 	'Damon! Kayla says. Damon! I whip my head to see where she is, but instead I see her covered in water, and I’m not standing up anymore i’m in my seat. From earlier. Water is up to my chest. She pulls me up and out of my chair. Mason is holding the door open, I turn around, but I don’t see michael anyone and there are no alive people on the plane. 	We get out of the plane and swim to shore, I had forgotten what it felt like to swim. When we finally get to shore I feel exhausted and sit on the beach to try and catch my breath. I sit down just in time to see the plane go under and then I remember Michael. I get up to see if I can find him. 	'Where are you going? Kayla says. 	'Where’s Michael? Did Michael get off of the plane? 	'Yes, I helped him out. She says. Are you okay? I then realize how crazy I must sound just last week I would not have cared what happened to Michael or anyone that was once an Augustine scientist. 	'I think I just need to sit down. I say. I feel like I’m going to faint. I start to walk back towards the water to sit in the shore, but everything goes black. 	When I wake up I’m lying in the shade under a palm tree I sit up and the sun is setting over the water. Michael is sitting beside me. 	'What are you doing here? I say. 	'Oh, just making sure you are not dead. He says. Kayla insisted. 	'Thanks. I say sarcastically. But I’m fine. I stand up and my head feels funny, but I pretend to be normal, I will heal soon enough. 	'Where is Kayla? I say. 	'I don’t know I think her and Mason went to find water a couple of hours ago, but they might be back now. 		I Immediately start walking, I feel jealous knowing that Kayla is with Mason, I do not really know why, but I can’t help myself from getting mad. I feel like I can’t control myself. 	There are people everyone, I guess they saved more people than I thought. I see Mason and Kayla talking and laughing, and I feel more angry than before.Kayla glances at me and gives me strange look. She runs towards me. 	'Damon your face! She says. Someone might see! But I don’t pay attention to her all I see is Mason, I don’t even feel like I’m hearing her. I run past her and snap Mason’s next as fast as I can. I hear people screaming, but all I can do is smile. 	'Damon? I hear a voice say. Damon? It’s Kayla she’s in front of me, but now I’m only halfway down the beach just seconds ago I was On the opposite side. I see Mason behind her. What happened must not have actually happened. I think I’m going crazy. This can’t be real. This can’t be happening to me. How can this happen? I’m supposed to heal if anything happens to me so why aren’t I? 	'Are you okay now? She says. 	'Yes I’m fine. I say. I see Mason standing behind her a few feet away he stares at me for  a minute and then walks off and starts talking to someone else, a girl she has black hair and pale skin she looks familiar. Kayla turns around to see what I am staring at. 	'Do you see something you like? She says. 	'No. I say. She just looks familiar. 	'You do know that is the first thing you ever said to me right. She says with a laugh. BUt it’s not a normal laugh it sounds forceful. I think she is jealous. 	'Well when I said it to you I was lying just so I could talk to you. I say. 	'Whatever. She says with an actual laugh this time. 	'Where were you going with Mason? I say. 	'We went to find water. She says. You look paler than normal, I think you need some.'	'Well sorry I was kept in a dream for three years of my life. I say sarcastically. She laughs. 	'What happened to you on the plane today? she says. 	'I don’t really know, I think I was just in shock after what happened, especially since I have a fear of flying. I say. But how are we going to get off of this island? 	'I don’t know yet we are thinking about just waiting a few days to see if a plane comes by and if it doesn’t then we’re going to explore the island and see if anyone lives here. She says.	'What if a plane doesn’t come? I say. You do know we can’t die. I say jokingly, but the thought of that scares me. I might never leave this island, I may never have a normal life again. I’ll have to live here forever worrying about Kayla and Mason.I hear someone screaming, so we run to see what it is. A girl is standing over a suitcase screaming. Kayla and I run over. The suitcase is full of blood bags, Michael must have packed them, but I have no idea how he got them through security. 	'What’s wrong? I say to the screaming girl. She looks young probably about fourteen 	'Why would someone bring blood bags on a plane? She says. She sounds terrified. 	'I think I read someone that Doctor’s sometimes have to bring blood bags with them when they travel to operate on a patient. I say trying to sound believable. It’s a good thing she doesn’t know I haven’t been in reality for three years. 	'Oh, that makes since. she says. I want to laugh, but I know that she would know I was lying if I did. I feel light headed again, I don’t want to have another hallucination, so I start to walk back to where I was sitting with Michael. When I get there he is gone, so I’m glad. I pass out on the sand.  	Since Kayla is dealing with the hysterical girl I sneak off to find Michael. He’s standing near the ocean holding something. 	'So it looks like they found you suit case'. I say sarcastically. 	'Oh wow, how did you know it was mine? He says. He is still messing with the object in his hands. 	'There’s just one thing I want to know. I say. He gives me a strange look. How did you get it through security? 	'I don’t know what you are talking about. He says. 	'Come on just tell me I might need to know for later in the future if I ever want to go somewhere. 	He still giving me a weird expression. Are you okay? He says. 	'Bags full of blood, in a suitcase. I say. Is any of this ringing a bell? I say annoyedly. 	'I didn’t bring that on the plane. He says. He has a worried expression on his face. That’s too risky I thought you three could hold of drinking for one flight. 	'You see that’s the thing because neither of us three brought that onto the flight, we all thought it was you. 	'You know what this means right? he says. 	'There’s another vampire on this beach. I say. 	'Go find Kayla and Mason. Michael says. 	I run and get them and bring them to Michael, he tells them what we just found out.	'How is that possible? Kayla says. How could someone else escape from the lab at the same time we did? Is that even possible? 	'Well, you see you three are not the only vampires around. Michael says. The Augustine has just been trying to create their own vampires by using experiments, but there are other ones created by other vampires. 	'How does a vampire create another vampire? Mason says. 	'So a human has to die with vampire blood inside of their body, and if they do then they will come back to life as a vampire. Michael says. 	'Couldn’t the Agustine just have created us like that? I say. It seems a lot easier. 	'Yes, but they were trying to come up with a different way. Michael says. I honestly don’t know, I didn’t work there for long enough to figure everything out. 	'So what should we do? Kayla says. 	'I would be very careful, most likely that vampire is a lot older than all of you and could hurt you all. Michael says. 	I look at everyone’s faces, they all look terrified, and I probably do too.Kayla POVDear diary,	I decided to keep track of everything that happens just in case we never leave here. We have been on the island for a week now, there are thirty five of us that survived including me. So far we have found a suitcase full of blood which normally would make sense because Mason, Michel, Damon and I were all on the plane, but none of us brought it. That means that there is another vampire or vampires on this island that we don’t know about, oh and did I forget to mention that We are vampires? Well just me, Mason, Damon and the mystery person are, but we need to figure out who. Last night a man named Martin got bit by a vampire. There were bite marks on his wrist, but when we asked him about it he had no memory of it, so we asked Michael and he confirmed that it is a vampire bite. Also Damon, my friend, has been acting strange recently ever since the crash, none of us know why it might just be a sytophect to what we have went through, but I know that being on this island does not help him. I hope someone finds us soon, because we could be on this island forever. Since Damon is not himself lately Mason and I have become somewhat leaders of the survivors, I think it makes Damon jealous, which is not a good thing, but there is nothing I can do about it.  Damon, Mason, and I escaped the lab on july Twelfth. On july sixthteenth I went back to the lab and on july seventeenth we got on the plane. We crashed on this island on july eighteenth. Kayla,7/25/19 	I hide my notebook under the pillow in my tent, no one will find it here, I don’t have to share a tent. We made enough so that only people want to share can. Even though I am a vampire I still get scared sleeping alone at night on a island, so I usually just lay awake for most of the night and try not to get scared of every noise I hear. The sun is rising I walk to where Damon’s tent is, I feel like I need to check on him, he’s been so strange lately and doesn’t want to talk to me. I walk up to his tent. Good morning. I say trying to sound normal. Oh hi. He says while giving me a strange look. I sit down beside of him. So are we going to talk about this? I say. I know that there is only one way to get Damon to have a real conversation with me, I have to ask him about his feelings for me. That used to be the only thing he would ever want to talk about. 	'What do you mean? He says. 	'What me and you are? I say. We had something remember? If I’m going to be on this island for a long time I at least want to be with you. 	I see him smile a little. Yeah, I remember. He says. But I have been waiting to see what you would want to be. 	'I want to date you Damon, but I can’t if I don’t even know what’s going on with you, please tell me? I say. 	'I don’t know what to tell you. I have told you a million times that I can’t explain it. He says while he looks down at the ground. I can’t tell you what’s wrong with me if I don’t even know. 	'I think you should come with me today. I say. I think it might make you feel better if you don’t just lay around all day doing nothing. 	'Are you calling me lazy? He says with a smile. Where are we going? 	'Michael, Mason, a couple of other people from the crash, and I are going to see if we can find more food on the island. I say. And I think you should come. 	'Okay. He says. 	'I’ll find you before we leave. I say with a smile. I go and find Mason. He’s standing with some other people from the crash packing a book bag for the trip. I know everyone here’s name, Mason is talking to Veronica, she’s fourteen ad the one who found the bag full of blood bags, she’s the youngest person here, so far. She is only fourteen, but she is already very pretty, she has dark black hair and tan skin, I find myself being jealous of her, but I don’t really know why. Mason is also talking to a man named Joseph I don’t know how old he is exactly, maybe twenty five. He is very tall, taller than Damon, he has orange hair and is always smiling. I walk up to them. 	'No you can not come with us. Mason says to Veronica. She gives him  a angry look and walks off. 	'When are we leaving? I say. 	'Probably an hour. he says. I still need to go make sure everyone still wants to go. I go back to my tent and start writing in my journal. 	Dear Diary, I still don’t know exactly what is wrong with Damon, but I feel like I am getting closer to an answer.I feel kind of bad for manipulating him into telling me, but I worry about him, and I want to know what is going on with him. I didn’t lie to him, about wanting to date him, I do, but I just have completely no idea how to, I don’t remember dating him at all, so I have no idea what to expect. I do care about him, but I don’t know how to tell him.. Anyways I talked him into coming with Mason, Joseph, Cheryl,Michael and I to go exploring on the island. We need to find more food, water, and supplies, if we are going to stay here. Who knows how long it might be. It my seem strange, but this is the closest to normal I think I have ever gotten. I’m still on the lookout for the new vampire.. Who knows it may be Cheryl, but I don’t think so she seems to normal and young. Whoever the vampire is we need to find fast because who know what they might do next. Damon POV	After, kayla leaves I decide to go talk to Michael, if there is anymore who knows what is going on with me it is him, and I think I can kind of trust him. I see him standing beside the water, he made a fishing pole, he hasn’t caught anything yet that I know of. 	'Hey MIchael. I say. Can I talk to you?'	'Yeah, what is it? He says confusedly. 	'Something weird is going on with me and I don’t know what it is. 	'What do you mean? He says. 	'I’m only coming to  you with this because you're my last resort by the way. I say. I don’t like admitting that I need help.	'Aright. He says. What is it? 	'I keep having these hallucinations. One minute I’ll be doing something then the next minute I’ll be hurting someone because I was mad, but then I realize I didn’t actually do it. I say. 	'Can you explain that a little better? He says. Maybe give me and example. 	'So I saw Mason and Kayla, I got mad because they were together, Kayla came to talk to me and I saw Mason in the background. So I run up to him and snapped his neck, but then I heard Kayla calling my name and it was like I had just woken up from a dream. It was like I never even walked down the beach. I say. 	He looks back at the ocean. 	'So? I say. 	'There are only two things I can think of that are happening to you, someone could be getting in your head and messing with your thoughts or it could be a sytophec to whatever the Agustine gave you.'He says. 	'How would it even be possible for someone to get my head? I say. I don’t know which choice is worse, being a sytophec or having someone mess with my thoughts. 	'That is something else vampires can do, but I don’t know how to teach you to do it, you would need to ask another vampire. He says. 	'Why would another vampire want to get in my head? I say. 	'Probably because they don’t like you. He says. Or maybe they are just bored on this island and are using you for fun. 	'How do I make it stop? I say. 	'You need to fight it and not let them get inside your head. He says. 	'Easier said than done. I say. Can you do me a favor and not tell Kayla about this, I don’t want her to worry.'	'Yes. He says. I leave Michael and walk back to my tent, It’s so hot outside I have it, I had to cut my pants and make them into shorts, I probably look stupid, but it is better than being hot for the rest of my time on this island.	I don’t know how I am going to resist from being manipulated in my mind, but when I find out who is doing this to me, they are going to wish they didn't mess with me. After about thirty minutes of just sitting on the beach and trying to come up with a plan, Kayla comes to get me.	'It’s time to go, Mason already packed all the water and supplies, so you don’t need to bring anything. She says. Okay. I say. I’m nervous that something is going to happen while I’m with them,but it will be a good time to practice I guess. I hope It’s nothing too bad or that I don’t hurt anyone by accident, maybe the person coming with us is the person making me hallucinate, I hope it is so that I can find them, but I also hope it isn’t because who know what they can do. Kayla POV 	I used to always get tired when I had to walk for long periods of time, well at least in the dream world I did, but now since I am a vampire it doesn’t bother me. I feel like I have so much energy. I feel like I can do anything. 	We’re walking up a hill now, this island we are on is mostly jungle and only has sand on the beach part of it. I notice that Kayla, mason, and I are not tired at all but when I look at Cheryl she’s behind all of us and is holding her side like she has a cramp. I don’t think she could be the vampire. Joseph is beside of me, he doesn’t look very tired, but he is breathing very heavily. We get to an opening in the jungle and there is a small stream of water. I think we should take a break. I say. Why? Mason starts to say something so I turn my head and look at Cheryl, so that he knows it’s for her not me. Oh, yes let’s take a break. Mason says. Kayla and Mason start to fill up their water bottles with stream water. Do you want any water? I say to Cheryl and Joseph. Ew! No I’m not going to drink dirty stream water. Sheryl says. I can’t help but laugh a little, so I sit back down to try and hide it. Sheryl is older than me, but she doesn’t really act like it. I wonder why she even volunteered to come with us today. The only people here are Mason, Kayla, Chery, Joseph and I. So, hopefully we can get lucky and find out who the vampire is, it could be one of them. We sit and Damon and Mason drink the water they just got out of the stream, but I don’t feel like I need any. How can you drink that? Cheryl says. You’re going to have to eventually Cheryl. Kayla says to her. I will not I would rather thirst to death then drink dirty stream water. She says. Mason laughs. I’ll dig the grave. he says. She makes a mad face and turns towards the stream. You’re going to regret saying that. she says to Mason.	'Oh really? What are you going to do? He says sarcastically. 	She doesn’t answer. She looks mad and for a second her face looks strange, so I look away she might be about to cry. 	Soon after we leave the stream and continue walking, we’re trying to walk in a circle around the island so that we can see if there are any signs of life at all. I never really understood how planes worked, so it is still a mystery to me about how our plane crashed. All I know is that I am never riding in a plane again. Out of everything that’s happened to me it wasn’t the worst, but I’m going to avoid ever seeing a plane again. I like being out in the jungle, I know it might seem wrong since mostly everyone here has a family to get back to, but I like being away from all of the old memories of the lab and the hope I had for what my life would be like. 	Mason is in front of us all and he suddenly stop walking. We all stop behind him and look at each other confusedly. 	'What is it? I say. 	'I think I hear something. Mason says.'I hear it too. Kayla says. I try to focus my hearing so that I can hear it to, so I close my eyes and focus on just listening. I don’t know what I hear, but I hear something walking I hear the sticks snap under their feet and heavy breathing. 	'Do you think it’s the person, we have been looking for? I say. 	'Shh. Michael says. 	'Who have you been looking for? Cheryl says. How do you know someone on this island? 	No one answers her we are all looking towards the trees to see what could be out there. Then something rawrs. Chapter 18Damon POV	A animal with orange and white strips walks out from behind the trees. A tiger, I have never seen one in real life before, but up close it looks pretty intimidating. 	'What are we supposed to do? I say. 	Michael closes his eyes like he is trying to remember something.'Stay calm, don’t make any sudden movements, walk slowly, and try to appear like you are bigger. He says. Oh wait that might be for bears. 	'I don’t think it really matters right now. Mason says. The tiger is circling us. 	'You guys are pathetic. Cheryl says. She pushes past all of us and walks towards the tiger, the tiger growls and looks angry, but cheryl just keeps walking. 	'What are you doing? I try to whisper. In one swift movement Cheryl runs towards the tiger and snaps its neck. No one says anything for what feel like minutes. What just happened? Cheryl is the other vampire, I would have never expected it. We all look at eachother and the back at cheryl, but Josepph looks more scared then all of us combined. 	'What? Cheryl says to us. She gives us all a confused look. 	'How did you do that? Joseph says. Cheryl huffs like she is annoyed and walks towards joseph, he takes a few steps back. And then stops and stands, but I can hear how fast his heart is beating, he is afraid. Cheryl gets close and looks into his eyes. 	'You will forget what just happened here, all you remember is that we went exploring and found a dead tiger. She says. Joseph blinks and I hear his heart beat go back to normal.'What did you just do him? I say. What? She says. Are you guys even actual vampires? Vampires? Joseph says. What are you talking about. Cheryl makes a mad expression and turns to Joseph. Fall asleep. She says. Joseph hits the ground immediately.  Kayla and I turn to Michael, he doesn’t look surprised. Is this what you said you couldn’t tell me about? I say to Michael. Well, yeah. How would I have explained that to you? Michael says. It’s better if you just see it for yourself. Wait so what’s wrong with you three? Cheryl says while motioning towards Kayla, Mason, and I. They are technically vampires, but become one in different ways then you probably did. Michael says. I interrupt their conversation. I thought you said that the other vampire was gonna be an old person. I say to Michael. No, I said they were going to be old, since you can’t be hurt, you will never die, so you live forever. Michael says. Cheryl laughs, so what’s wrong with you three?'Scientists did experiments, on us for three years, to turn us into vampires and erased my memory. I say annoyedly. She is treating us like she is better than us. I’m 125 years old. Cheryl says. I don’t plan on being stuck here any longer with four. Well then do you have any idea on we can leave? Mason say. We can make a raft or something. Cheryl says. Or find someone else on this island. That’s what we were trying to do, until you killed an animal and knocked out one of four traveling companions. Michael says. Wow, so I don’t even get a thank you? She says. I did just save both of your lives. I think you forgot that we are vampires too. Kayla says. We would have done just fine without you. She rolls her eyes and walks in front of us. Are we going to get going or what? Mason picks up joseph and carries him over his shoulder. I have a feeling that something bad is going to happen soon. I don’t trust Cheryl at all. We have been walking around for about an hour with Cheryl leading us I notice how light her hair it almost looks like it is white. I wonder why she has been inside of my head, I want to ask her, but I don’t want to say it unfront of anyone. I don’t know why, but It is embarrassing to think that someone is inside my head and making me think I’m doing evil things.'I hear something. Cheryl says. She starts running towards where the noise must be coming from, but I don’t hear anything I’m just focusing on keeping up with everyone else. We run into a small opening of huts. There are dozens of people, they look shocked to see us, maybe they are all alone on this island. All of the people look at each other confusedly. They are all tan and look like indians. They are wearing older clothes that look strange and really worn out. I wonder how long they have been here for. A man approaches us from the group of people he starts talking to us, but I have no idea what he is saying. He speaks some foreign language that I have never heard before. But then Cheryl starts talking back to him in the laungue. I look at Kayla and give her a strange look. Who is this girl? Cheryl seems very strange and I don’t understand how she has been alive for this long. I don’t know if I’m prepared to live forever. What am I supposed to do for that long. What are they saying? Kayla says the Cheryl. But Cheryl doesn’t respond she just keeps talking to the man and pretends we are not even here. After a few minutes she finally acknowledges us. 	'He said we can stay here with them as long as we don’t cause any trouble.  Cheryl says. Some of you should go get the people on the beach? 	'Why is it better to stay here then there? I say. What if a plane comes and we are not there? 	'They said they will help us contact someone who can help. And would you rather be on the beach with a very limited source of supplies. She says. 	'I think we would be safer without you. I mumble. Cheryl rolls her eyes. They are called the wamapoke. she says. This is their leader, chief Ranbir. I’ll stay here you guys can go back. I need to ask Cheryl why she has been getting in my head and what she wants from me. 	'Are you coming with us? Kayla says to me. I look at Cheryl who seems to be distracted by Ranbir. Look I think I need to stay here and make sure she doesn’t do anything. I say. 	'Oh okay. Kayla says a little disappointed. 	'Sorry, I say, but I need to find out why she actually wants to stay here, I think she may be up to something else. 	Kayla’s expression changes, I think she believes me. I give her a hug before she can reply, I feel bad about lying to her. 	'Come on Kaya, we need to go before nightfall. Mason says as he sets Joseph on the ground in front of me. He’s your problem now. Joseph looks like he’s waking up. 	'Bye. I say to Kayla as she walks away she smiles at me. Once they are gone I TUrn to see if I can find Cheryl, but she is right behind me standing with her arms crossed. 	'So, why didn’t you go with your girlfriend? She says. Am I really more important. I put my head in my hands and look up at Cheryl, but everything is gone. I turn around and around, but there are no huts and no more indians. 	'What are you doing to me? I shout at her. 	'It’s almost funny how I can get so deep into your head. She laughs a little. I feel myself getting angry I need to calm down I can’t take her in a fight, she is much stronger than me. 	'I can literally make everything change for you, I have never been able to do this to someone before. Yes it is true that Kayla, Mason, Joseph went on a trip around the island, but you and I left just in time for them not to see where we went. She says. 	'How can you do this? I say. You have been manipulating me for hours. 	'Well since I was manipulating your mind it can only last for so long, I just made it seem like hours. She says. It has really only been about ten or fifteen minutes. 	'Why are you doing this? I say. 	'For fun! She replies. Notice anything different about me? I give her a strange look she looks the same and then I realize her hair color has changes. It is now a bright red. 	'You’re crazy! I say. Why me out of all people? 	'I don’t know really, ever since I heard you break the news to your girlfriend about her family i knew something was different about you. She says. I give her a questioning look. Where is she going with this?	'So, I decided to have my fun with you and messing up your perfect life. 	'Perfect? I say. You really think my life is perfect? The only reason I was on that plane was because I was running from people like you! I’m yelling even louder now. 	'Don’t yell at me about it. She says. It was never my idea for us to crash in the plane or end up on this island forever, but maybe it was our destiny to end up here together. 	'Then what was your idea?  I say. What does she mean by destiny? I need to get away from this girl, who knows what she might make me do. 	'I don’t know, I’m a sper of the moment kind of girl, meaning I decide what I’m going to do when the opportunity comes. She says. 	'Yeah, I know what it means. I say. So? What now? 	'You are not going to tell anyone that I am the vampire and you are also going to make them stop looking for me. She says. 	'I don’t have to do what you say. I say. 	'If you don’t I’ll kill your girlfriend. She says. 	'You’re bluffing. I say. She can’t be telling the truth, we can’t die. Can we?	'Fine, say I’m bluffing see what happens once you tell them because it won’t be just her that dies. 	'It’s not possible though, we can’t die. We are vampire. I say. 	'The last time I checked no one can survive without a heart. She says. Maybe she is telling the truth, but even if she isn’t I can’t risk it, I don’t know what I would do if Kayla got hurt again. 	'Fine. I say. I won’t tell anyone. 	'Follow me back to town. She says in a happy voice. 	'Wow, is the beach not real too? I say sarcastically. She laughs. Damon, I think that you and I are going to get along very well. 	The thought of that scares me, who knows what could happen to me in however many more years I have on this earth, which apparently is going to be forever. I will never become like her. 	We walk back to the beach where people greet us. People that I have never met before I walk back to my tent. Kayla POV	We’ve been walking for almost a day now, last night I had to sleep against a tree, but I couldn’t fall asleep. I can’t quit thinking about Damon, where is he? It was the hardest thing to have to leave without knowing where Damon is. And cheryl disappeared too, I can’t stop thinking that damon did something to her. If he hurt her I don’t know how he can come up with a excuse for that. I know that he is going through something, but I can’t help him if he won’t let me. 	'I don’t think we are going to find anything. Michael says. He has been walking in the back the whole time, sometimes I forget that he is human and not like us, but I agree with him. We are not going to find anything. 	'Mason I agree with Michael we need to turn back. I say. 	He huffs. Okay. He says. Let’s go back.It feels like forever until we get back to the beach, but I’m still full of energy. I walk up to the first person I see. A man, probably about forty or so it’s hard to see anything else about him, it’s already dark outside. 	'Have you seen Damon? I say. I need to find him. 	'I think I saw him a couple of hours ago. The man says. 	I walk away without replying, he gave me barely any information. I run as fast as I can to Damon’s tent, but he is not there. I can only see because the sun is barely starting rise, I think I was gone for longer than I thought. 	I run out of where all the tents are and see someone sitting on the sand by the water. It has to be Damon, I have to find him. I run towards the water as I get closer I slow down. 	'Damon? I say. Are you okay? He turns towards me, like he doesn’t know if it’s really me or not. I sit down beside of him on the sand. 	'Kayla! He says. I’m fine. 	'Then where were you? I say. I thought you were going to come exploring with us? 	'I changed my mind. He pauses. I decided to go exploring on my own. He says with a forced laugh. I just needed some time to think about what’s happened to me. He sounds sad. 	'I just need to accept what has happened to me an move on, I think that it is working. 	'Oh well I’m happy for you. I say. I’m glad you have figured things out. I hope I can too. 	'You will. he says. For the first time in a long time I feel happy having the life I have. Maybe being stuck here with Damon won’t be so bad. We won’t have to run from the Agustine anymore, and maybe we can be happy and safe. My thoughts get interrupted from a strange sound in the distance. I hear people yelling and I stand up to try to figure out where it is coming from. The sound keeps getting louder and louder and then there is a bright light coming from the sky. 	'Damon! I yell. 		'What? He yells back. He can barely hear me over how loud it is. 	'What is that? I scream as loud as I can. 	'It’s like a plane! He yells. We are being rescued! I feel like my heart just dropped, I don’t want to get in a plane again, it could crash. Who knows what might happen to us then, but Damon grabs my hand and starts running towards the tents where everyone else is. 	The strange looking plane lands on the ground, there is another one up in the air waiting to land on the beach. It’s a good thing there aren’t that many of us, People start to line up to get in the plane. After the first plane leaves the second one lands. Damon, Mason, cheryl, Veronica and I are the only ones left. 	'It’s a helicopter! Damon yells at me. 	I hesitate at first to get on the helicopter, who knows what might happen, but I have to swallow my fear and run behind everyone else. We hop into the plane and buckle up, I sit beside Damon and INfront of Cheryl, Mason is beside of her. I see Cheryl smiling at Damon, I feel myself getting jealous, but realize I should be happy we are finally getting away from this island, It could be a fresh start, finally. We could go to Paris and leave all of this behind. A part of me is sad that we are leaving the island though, the Augustine would never come after us if we were there, but I believe that we can stay hidden and survive. I’m excited to start my new life, with Damon and Michael. I have a feeling that we will stick together and maybe Mason will stay with us too. Damon POV	We are finally on our way to being done with every horrible memory that has happened to us, but I know I will never be able to forget about it. Even though we are on this helicopter and on our way to a new life. I can not shake the feeling of fear I have. Cheryl is sitting right across from me, I doubt that any of this is even real, if it’s not then I what am I going to do? How am I going to live the rest of my life in fear of someone? All I can do is I know that I am going to protect Kayla forever, even if we are only friends, that’s okay with me. I’ll live the rest of my life in fear on that island if it means I get to spend the rest of my life with Kayla.
